{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [\uc0\u968 :Author  \u950 :Friend 1  \u945 :Friend 2]\
The DARK Story\
\uc0\u968 : Lets write a good story. As in G.O.O.D. And no\
Link. Or Zelda. Or Ilia. Just Samus.\
\
                             Chapter 1\
\
    Once there was a girl named Samus\
\uc0\u950 : She had lots of property as testing rooms.\
\uc0\u945 : The rooms hadn't been used for over five years.\
No one knew why except for the person who\
owned them.\
\
    They were about to be used again.\
\uc0\u968 : Samus, as you may know, is a bounty hunter.\
This means she needs the most up-to-date\
supplies. Well, a pirate broke her Power Suit.\
So she powered up the labs to fix it.\
\uc0\u950 : However as snail said...Oh yes now I remember:\
Ahem, (in mysterious tone) they were not used\
for over 5 years so that night, when she used\
the super titanium/uranium electronic restoring\
system, it backfired!\
\uc0\u945 : Dun dun dunnnn! One of the wires in the system\
had been frayed!\
\uc0\u968 : And because of it, a new menace was born! It\
was:... DARK SAMUS!\
\uc0\u936 : \{Note\} I've been following the storyline pretty\
well. Now it's time to mix things up!\
\
                             Chapter 2\
\uc0\u950 :       But things aren't as bad as Zat... There's\
Midna and Kirby! (But Kirby is making waffles\
and Midna is at Disney World)\
\uc0\u945 : Little did people know... that Dark Samus loves\
waffles!!}