{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 			
\f1\fs36 Tyneland		
\fs28 'Juke Box Hero'\
						  Second Draft\

\fs26 \

\f2 \uc0\u968 
\f1 \cf0 : 'Draft Two, you'll be awesome.'  That's what I said way back in Draft One.  I hope I was right.\

\f2 \cf0 \uc0\u968 
\f1 : How come whenever I say 'I hope I'm right,' I'm wrong?  From now on, maybe I'll just say 'I hope I'm wrong,' instead.  Whatever.\
				Prologue - Tuesday Afternoon\
1	Bradton Ranch is the sort of place that people paint and sell for millions, but won't actually go to unless they have to.  No one wanted to go to the ranch; it was smelly, hot, dusty, and was so covered in cattle that there was barely a patch of dirt left untouched.  And that was on its better days.\
2	The ranch was owned, like much of the village, by the self-appointed mayor of Bradton.  The villagers had to either work at the ranch or pay rent on their Property.  Rent was cheap, and most people just payed the mayor the money.  Most, but not all.\
3	'John, the grain bin is empty,' the mayor said.  'Could you refill it for me?'\
4	John sighed, but got to work.\

\f2 \uc0\u968 
\f1 : FINALLY!  A decent intro!\
5	When John finished work every day, he would herd up the cows into their stables.  Once finished, he would walk home.  Often, Will, his best friend, would show up somewhere along his trip.  Will would ask John to come to his house.  John always agreed.\
6	On that particular Tuesday afternoon, Will's excuse for John coming over was 'It looks like rain.'  John looked up.  Although he felt no fear of the rain, he accepted the offer.  Obviously quite pleased, Will ran to his house, with John following close behind.\
\
7	It had not started raining when the two reached Will's house, so John and Will decided to go to the creek.  John sat down on a stump and began skipping stones.  'So, what do you want to do?'\
8	'I dunno... what do you want to do?'\
9	'Something fun.'  John looked up and saw Elli on the other side of the creek, writing in her notepad.  'Hey, Elli!  Wanna come over here?'\
10	'Not really.'\
11	'Come on!  The water's not deep!'\
12	'Then why don't you come over here?'}