{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It's hard to start a story. The beginning needs to be a play-by-play description of what happens, or the reader will lose intrest. And then there's my don't-bore-the-reader-to-death-with-details policy. The hartest part, though, is just to begin.\
I've noticed that with my stories, I'll start either in the morning, or at the beginning of an event. I never start in the middle of an event, or at the end; probably because in all my stories, no one ever does anything exciting.\
That is about to change.\
Up 'till now, I've only scratched the surface of what goes on in the little town of Bradton. There were no festivals, no group meetings, just work, play, go home. Let's change that.\
Oh, and I need a new name. Why Tyneland when I never mention Tyne?\
First things first. The event.\page So, my lovely little tale starts late summer/early fall. September 22. The autumn equinox. The event I'm looking for?... Or maybe a festival on that day? No... I mean yes, a festival, but no, that's not my event. Preparation for the festival... that's better. But something has to happen before the festival so John has to leave the first day. I don't know why, but I like the fact that John leaves while the village is celebrating(sp?). Of course, something bad has to happen the second he leaves, so he returns to a village in ruins, but that comes later.\
Anyway, John and Ellen (I still don't like that name) are setting up for a festival, and the story starts partway through. I like it. Now. Later on we'll see if I change my mind.\page A name... Originally it was the name of the kingdom. But what else have I kept the same?\
So... do I need a title yet, really? I'll wait. For now, it's just "c".\
I once said writing is like a train. I also said that "Tyneland"'s train had about a hundred brick walls in front of it. The train is still moving, and some of those walls have dissapeared.\
Now there's only 98.}