{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\fs24 \cf0 The Legend of Zelda:\
\
[[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \cf0 \page 
\f2\b The Legend of Zelda:\
(insert name here)\
\
[[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]]
\f1\b0 \
Based on the video game by Nintendo.\page THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: (INSERT NAME HERE)\
A Testing Hat Book\
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.\page For whoever is willing to read it.\page 
\f2\b Book One
\f1\b0 \page ***Chapter One*****************************************\
   \'94Link! Hey, Link!\'94\
   Link turned around. He recognized the voice. It was Colin, one of his best friends. \
   Colin was running towards him, shouting \'93Link!\'94 and \'93Wait for me, Link!\'94.\
   \'93I'm not going anywhere!\'94 Link shouted, but Colin kept running. He always did. Link stood, waiting for Colin to reach him. He didn't have to wait long. Within seconds Colin had come to a screeching halt a few feet in front of him.\
   \'93Link!\'94 Colin shouted.\
   \'93Yes?\'94 Link asked.\
   \'93My dad wanted you. You'd better hurry!\'94\
   Link sighed, setting off on a small jog towards the town. It was autumn, and the forest displayed colors of red and yellow, with most of the leaves still clinging to their branches. A few fluttered down as Link jogged past, but otherwise the forest was still. The trees thinned as Link grew closer to the village, eventually disappearing altogether only to be replaced by houses. Colin's father was the village's only swordsman, but he was teaching Link his art. In their last practice, Link had disarmed Colin's father, but had snapped his wooden sword in the process. They were currently searching for another.\
   Link knocked on Colin's door. It was answered by Colin's mother. \'93Oh, hi Link. Rusl said you would be stopping by. He's out by the spring right now, but he should be back any minute. Please, come in.\'94\
   Link walked into a small room with a fireplace on one side and a couch in the back. \'93Sit wherever you want,\'94 Colin's mother said. Link sat on the couch, staring into the fireplace. No fire was lit, but wood was stacked next to it in case the night grew cold. There was little else in the room, but what more did one need?\
   Colin's mother did not lie; it was not long until Colin's dad showed up. He came in through the door and immediately saw Link. \'93Good,\'94 he said. \'93You came.\'94\
   \'93What did you need?\'94 Link asked.\
   \'93As you know, we are having a festival soon. The last day is in one week. I need you to visit Hyrule Castle for me and pick up a package from the shop in the center of Castle Town and return it here before then.\'94\
   \'93Okay,\'94 Link said. \'93Anything else?\'94\
   \'93No. You may go.\'94\
   Link left.\
\
   Colin was waiting for Link outside. \'93So, what did he want?\'94\
   \'93I've got to go to Hyrule Castle.\'94 Link said.\
   \'93Can I come?\'94\
   \'93No.\'94\
   \'93Why not?\'94\
   \'93You'd get yourself kidnapped or something, probably.\'94\
   \'93No, I won't!\'94 Colin said. \'93I'll be careful!\'94\
   \'93I still think it's a bad idea,\'94 Link said.\
   \'93I don't. I've never been to Hyrule Castle and I  really wanted to go. C'mon, Link!\'94\
   \'93Your dad won't let you...\'94\
   \'93He already said I could.\'94\
   Link sighed. \'93Meet me outside my house at dawn.\'94\
   \'93Thanks, Link!\'94\
   \'93Just don't be late.\'94\
\
   Link sat outside his house the next morning, waiting for Colin. He didn't have to wai long. Colin showed up on time carrying a small bag of supplies. Link put Colin's supplies with his own on Epona. \'93Ready?\'94 Link asked.\
   \'93Yes,\'94 Colin said.\
   \'93Let's go.\'94 Link led Epona into the forest.\
   Colin followed him. \page Testing Hat Notes\
Book One\
\page Chapter one:\
So..........\
I don't want to write about Link saying 'bye to everyone, so how 'bout he doesn't? No one but Rusl knows they're gone 'cept Ilia notices sometime during the festival...\
But then monsters attack! Oh, no! Ilia hides and escapes but everyone else is captured and taken away so Ilia goes to find Link........ But of course I won't say this 'cause Link won't be there when it happens and this story is third-person from Link's point of veiw.......\
So Link doesn't say good-bye to Ilia? Ilia is going to be 
\f2\b mad....
\f1\b0  \
In that case, he won't stop by the store either... good!}