{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 Triforce;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9200\viewh8700\viewkind1\viewscale75
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\fs36 \cf0 * 
\f1 The Legend of Zelda: 
\f0 *
\f1 \
Pigs!\

\fs24 A short story\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs26 \cf0 	Once upon a time there was a guy named ToonLink. He was like Link, only he was a cartoon. He was sent back in time to rescue the magicians of that time and save the day! (and Hyrule). He found himself on a farm. It was owned by a wayfarer. Most people just called him The Wayfarer. The Wayfarer was having trouble with his pigs, so ToonLink helped him. The Wayfarer was very pleased, but was unable to do anything to aid ToonLink. Promising to help him in the future, he thanked ToonLink and sent him on his way. ToonLink found the great magicians and rescued them (of course) without much trouble...\
	With the magicians' help, ToonLink was able to return with them to his time period. There he met Ganon, and there was a great and heroic battle on Hyrule Castle. ToonLink won, but not before Ganon could submerge all of Hyrule in water.\
	Searching for a new place to call home, ToonLink and Tetra (that is, Toon Zelda) left the destroyed castle forever.\
\
\
	It was a pleasant day on the sea. The seagulls were chirping, the wind was blowing, and Tetra's boat was sailing well. Link looked out into the horizon, spotting a ship. He ran and got Tetra. Tetra pulled out her telescope and stared at the ship. "It's the Ghost Ship!" she exclaimed. Fearless as ever, she headed straight for it. As they approached it, a thick fog began to gather, and the lanterns of the Ghost Ship glared at the duo. They sailed side by side, and Tetra and ToonLink jumped onto the ship.\
	It was dark inside the ghost ship. And smelly. Inside were four sisters. But they weren't quite human. They were... monsters? I mean, they were MONSTERS!!! They challenged Tetra to a game of tennis. But this was no ordinary game of tennis. Because the tennis balls were deadly balls of magic!!! Oh, no!\
	Zelda tried, but she wasn't very good. She lost, and the monsters turned her into stone! So ToonLink challenged them. Having spent many hours playing Wii Sports, he was confident in his abilities. He won by a long shot, and escaped with Tetra. He sailed on and on, looking for a magician that could save her. He found one, an old man named Oshus. He was having troubles with some alien monster of some sort. So ToonLink sailed in search of the only sword that could defeat the monster. Eventually he found the blacksmith who could make such a sword, but the blacksmith said "I can't make one right now", "I need three pure metals", "Get me those metals", and stuff like that. ToonLink didn't have the time to find all three metals, but he sailed around in search of them anyway, as they were his only hope for saving Tetra. He went and found an old man living on an island, and eventually recognized him as The Wayfarer. Only now that he was old, he was called The Old Wayfarer. The Old Wayfarer said "ToonLink? Is that you? I heard you needed the only sword that could defeat the evil space monster! Here you go!" And he gave ToonLink the sword. So ToonLink left and defeated the evil space monster and Oshus muttered something ToonLink didn't really understand about an Ocean King, and saved Tetra. So Link and Tetra sailed off into the night.\
\
\
THE END!!!\
\
\

\f0\fs576  
\fs288  
\fs576 ^}