{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Link lay in his bed, staring up at the celing. The day had passed amazingly. It started out normal enough, as he did his daily work at the ranch. He had just started working when Ilia, Link's best friend, walked up to the ranch gates and stood, leaning on the top of the gates.\

\b    'Why are you here?' Link asked, not unfriendly at all.\
   'It's my father's ranch,' she said. 'Why wouldn't I be here?'\
   'Well, it's smelly, the veiw's horrible...'\
   'I don't think so.'\
   'Okay, then. You can stay there.' Link resumed his work. As he fed the chickens, he glanced back at the fence. Ilia was still there. Link shook his head. Sometimes she was so weird. \
   A few hours later, Link finished his work and walked up to the gate. 'Would you mind moving?' he asked Ilia. 'I, unlike you, do not want to be here any longer than I have to.'\
   'I was just about to leave.' Ilia opened the gate and let Link out.\
   'I still don't know why you came to the ranch,' Link said as they walked back towards the village.\
   'I haven't been there in over a month.'\
   'I can see why.'\
   'I didn't have anything to do, so I decided to check on the chickens.'\
   'For two hours.'\
   'Yeah.'\
   'I guess you really didn't have anything to do.'\
   'No. So... how are they?'\
   'What?'\
   'The chickens. How are they?'\
   'Oh, they're fine. Just a little hungry.'
\b0 \
   ''K.' Ilia said as they arrived at her house. 'See ya.'\
   'Oh, and... are you sure you don't want to go fishing?'\
   'When were you going?'\
   '1:00.'\
   'I won't fish, but I'll come. Meet you at your house at 12:30?'\
   'Okay, see you then.'\
   'Bye.'\
\
                              ---*---                         
\f1 \uc0\u8594 \page    Link heard a knock on his door. He glanced at the clock. 12:29. Perfect timing.\
   He opened the door and saw Ilia. 'Can I come in?' she asked.\
   'Of course,' Link said.\
   Ilia stepped inside. 'So, where are we fishing?'\
   'The forest.'\
   'Let's go.'\
   'Why? We have 15 minutes until we need to leave.'\
   'We don't have anything else to do.'\
   'True. Let's go.'\
\
                          ---***---                          \uc0\u8594 \page    When Link and Ilia reached their fishing spot, they were not suprized to find that Colin, another one of Link's friends who would be fishing with them, hadn't arrived. Link set up his stuff.\
   }