{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Writing... 2\
Once there was a guy named 
\i Ticonderoga, he's a "pencil neck"
\i0 . Well, actually he was just a pencil. But it's all the same when said and done, so... what! 
\i What was that what?
\i0 \
\

\i Ahh... Chapter I
\i0 \
So Ticonderoga waz... 
\i eating chocolat when sudenly a huge
\i0  hand came down and picked him up. the hand belonged to... 
\i no one yet you silly soupy spainyard! 
\i0 Ah, so it was the Master and! Yes, very well. 
\i Ukh, no it wasn't! It twas ze very oogly orgree.
\i0  What? There 
\i was a guy named Link...
\i0  There are no ugly ogres in \ul my \ulnone story. I quit! Hmph. 
\i Really? Oh good, now for my very, as you say "Emmprezzive Titile!"
\i0 \

\i BELOM!\
Inspired by a true story
\i0 \
A true story, eh? This might be good. You write, and I'll, eh, give you sort of a helping hand, what what!\

\i ARGGH! The\'a0British/Irish/Norwegian/Danish/Egyptian/ American/English/Ukranian/Russian/Japanese/ Native American/Spanish/Siamese/Austrailian/ Indian/French/German/Austrian/CzechoSlavakian/ Italian/Greek/Canadian Viking in 14,000,000 B.C. as his Drakken crashe landed on top of a genuine piece of land.
\i0  Eh? 
\i Oh right... He's this guy Who is actually a Star Wars character, I don't know which yet and... Hey! That's my pen you're using!!
\i0  Eh? Wel, get \ul on \ulnone with it then! 
\i No! I mean... he just got out of a worm hole about yea big
\f1\i0 \uc0\u8594 
\f0\i o then he saw the world in 14,000,000 A.D. Ii meant, because the ozone layer finally broke and meteors finally crushed what was left of the land after World War XXXXXXXXXX after they finally ran out of nuclear bombs.
\i0  Sounds like fun, no? 
\i Oh, no my dear poot brained friend (just take it as a compliment).
\i0  So it must be nuclear winter, so the stupid goblinogre dies, right? 
\i Radiation winter thank ye very much, any way when this many cultured man landed on Mars (yep WWXXXXXXXXXX and less happened on Mars becausein WWXXXXX Earth couldn't take it any more, or are we on Neptune?)
\i0  Oh, those Neptunians are feirce! Oh the horror! Huzzah! 
\i Ah, no, it's Hurrrah! Not huzzah or hurray but the back of the throat ahhh! BOO! Ahhh! The viking/action figure cried as a life sized troll lunged at him.
\i0  No no no! I mean BOO! 
\i Ahh! I know I was so scared! Anyway...
\i0  Finally! 
\i The troll said with a resounding crunch
\i0  BOO! BOOOOOO! BOO!}