{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=1220, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww15520\viewh15860\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs48 \cf0 The Legend of Ilia
\fs26 \
Kappa One\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 			Chapter One\
	'Fishing is so boring.  I can't see how you guys can stand it.'\
	Ilia was sitting in a tree, scribbling on a pad of parchment and repeatedly expressing her views on fishing.\
	'No one asked you to join us.  Anyway, fishing is a very relaxing activity.  Writing, on the other hand...' Link glanced up at Ilia.  'Well, I don't see how you can stand it.'\
	'Just because you don't know how...'\
	'I know how to write!'\
	'Okay, spell "cat"'\
	'C-A-H-T.'\
	'Told you you couldn't write.'\
	'I didn't say i was perfect!'\
	'You should be.  You're a year older than me, and you can't even spell something I could spell when I was five.'\
	'Only because I devote my time to more enjoyable pleasures.'\
	'Fishing is hardly enjoyable.'\
	'Are you kidding?  The only thing better than fishing is racing chickens!'\
	'I agree with Link,' Colin said.  He and Link were sitting under the tree Ilia was in.\
	'Only 'cause you're his best friend!' Ilia said.  Colin stared at his fishing pole.  'Anyway, if you consider chicken racing a form of entertainment, you're crazy.'\
	'Then why do you spend so much time with us?' Link asked.  'We're a bad influence.'\
	Ilia smiled.  'Okay, I'll leave.'\
	'Fine.'}