{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0    Once there was a guy named Ganandorf. He was awesome. And evil. He lived in Hyrule.\
   Once there was a guy named Ganandorf. He was awesome. But he wasn't evil. He lived in Hyrule.\
   One day Ganandorf (the nice one) was walking around Hyrule when... 
\f1\b Link attaked him
\f0\b0  He killed Link. Because Link 
\f1\b is
\f0\b0  DARK!\
   So 
\f1\b garayarf Looked for Zelda.
\f0\b0  'Cause she was evil too. Zelda found him, attacking him with all her magic. 
\f1\b actuly she fell in Love with him and he with her.
\f0\b0  But she was evil so he killed her and went off to find his true love: Good, nice, happy Zelda! 
\f1\b So he was sherching untill he found a butefull farm girl named meliom
\f0\b0  and He asked for the directions to Hyrule.\
   'Come on.' the farm girl said. 'Follow me.'\
   So they went together into the forest. As they were walking, 
\f1\b they talked about how destny had brot them togeter.
\f0\b0  It seemed that they both had business in Hyrule. Ganan told her about the True Twilight Mirror, a mirror linking the worlds of Light and Dark. 
\f1\b She fell in Love with him and he fell in Love with her they decide to do the mision togeter and get maryed.
\f0\b0  But first, they had to go to Hyrule, get past Dark Zelda, and make it back to the world of Light. 
\f1\b So they start
\f0\b0  and make it to Dark Hyrule. But Link (the evil one) traps them and throws them in the dungeon. Meliom started to cry... 
\f1\b garadarf conforter her and pulled the bars apart
\f0\b0  They ran up to Zelda's bedroom and saw the Mirror. But next to it was... Dark Zelda.\page Meliom was very scared. 
\f1\b Melom used her magic to matalaize with and Zelda it works and they get the miror and goo to the ranch where they meet
\f0\b0  Dark Ganandorf! Oh, no! 
\f1\b ganadarf killd him fast
\f0\b0  Which 1? 
\f1\b Light
\f0\b0  Ummmm......... ok...... so...... Ganandorf and Melon went to dinner. 
\f1\b and he got a new name with is ganon
\f0\b0  So, Ganon ordered noodles. 
\f1\b she ordred Lobster
\f0\b0  It was very yummy...\
   So, anyway when they finished... 
\f1\b and went to a garden ware ganon perposd
\f0\b0  ummm..... ok.... so....... A meteor crashed down beside them! 
\f1\b they gaspt inside were dimonds, rubbys, saffirs, and emralds wher in it.
\f0\b0  Ganann was very good at metalwork, and he made a saphire ring! 
\f1\b with all of the Jams it.
\f0\b0  Out of the crater stepped...\
   Metaknight! He seemed confused; coming from the faraway world of Dreamland, and Earth was strange to him. 
\f1\b he was Looking For a JoB
\f0\b0  He asked Ganan if he needed help. 
\f1\b he needed body guards.
\f0\b0  He came across Link (the good one). 
\f1\b and asked to be a guard.
\f0\b0  Link went and got Zelda, and the five people became a team! 
\f1\b all wir frends.
\f0\b0  So, Ganan and Melom went to Ordon Village, with their guards following behind. 
\f1\b When Mellon started tocry because they havent Ben to the ranch
\f0\b0  to the what?  
\f1\b to the ranch
\f0\b0  Ah. So they walk up the path to Ordon Rench. They met Ilia who Link seemed to like. 
\f1\b So ganon
\f0\b0 \page 
\f1\b hyred her
\f0\b0  as his housekeeper. Once he got a house. 
\f1\b So ganon found rolond he hyred him to be a guard roland and illa got maryed now there is 5 amego body guards Meta Night started to Notes that he found No girls of his type.
\f0\b0  Well, Link wasn't to happy that Ilia married Roland, 
\f1\b but he had Zelda.
\f0\b0  Yeah, But Snake met Lucario! Lucario killed him. Ganon got mad, but Lucario showed him his awesome powers}