{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset111 ZapfDingbatsITC;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs36 \cf0 		Tyneland
\fs24 \

\fs26 		       Trial 1\
		    Book 1\
\
~1~	John rode up to Tyneland Castle on the first day in June.  The king had sent him an invitation to a royal conference, and he wasn't going to turn it down.  The actual conference wasn't until the second, but tents were set up for those who chose to come early.  John found a tent, unpacked, and wandered around campsites, glancing in the occasional shops.  He was walking past a jewelry shop when he spotted Elli, a girl from his village, inside.\
	John walked into the jewelry shop and headed towards her.\
	'Elli!' he said when he reached her.\
	'Hi, John!' Elli was fingering an emerald necklace.\
	'What's that?'\
	'A necklace I was going to buy, but I don't think I'll have enough...'\
	'No way.  It costs way to much.'\
	'I have enough.'\
	'I don't care.  I refuse to accept your money.'\
	'Do you want the necklace or not?'\
	'I want it, but...'\
	John interrupted her.  'Then I'm getting it.'  He walked over to the shop manager, purchased the necklace and walked back over to Elli.\
	'It's all yours,' he said.\
	'I owe you.'\
	'No, you don't.  Consider it an early birthday present.'\
	'My birthday isn't even this month,' Elli said, walking out of the shop.\
	John followed her.  'Then it's a "happy summer" gift.  I don't care.  So... what business brings you to the castle?'\
	'The royal conference.  I assume you're attending.'\
	'You assume correctly.'\
	'I always do.'\
						~
\f1 S
\f0 ~\
	The conference was a complete waste of time.  Such a waste that I shouldn't have included it in this dumb book.  Hmph.\
}