{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
\f3\fnil\fcharset128 HiraKakuProN-W3;\f4\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f5\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1008\vieww18000\viewh16080\viewkind1\viewscale136
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 		The <3aLL\uc0\u946 @\'edn
\f1 \uc0\u8593 
\f0  Pen\
\
	John. Elli. Will. Three friends, their story never fully released to public. But you'd expect \ul me\ulnone  to know it\'85\
	John & Elli\'85 grew up together. In their minds, they have no memory of a first meeting. They have just always been friends.\
	John & Will\'85\'a0well, Will has sort of always know John. In a town that small, you know everyone. John knew Will's parents, and thus knew Will. Birds of a feather\'85\
\
	Elli herself is\'85 interesting. Both of her best friends are boys. Really, she doesn't have much choice. There aren't many people anywhere near her age in Bradton.\
	Love. Marriage. Etc. Most women marry at age 16-18. She's already 14. Two years isn't exactly a long time. The only boy her age in Bradton is John. Her best friend. Leegate is only a few miles east (& a little south) of Bradton, but she doesn't know anyone there. Dilemmas, dilemmas\'85\
	Writing is a passion for Elli. Unusual for her time period, seeing as paper, ink, quill, etc. is not cheap. She can afford it (her dad 
\f2\i is
\f0\i0  the mayor) but still\'85\
\
	Does Elli love John? Vice versa? After you've known each other that long, is love possible? Of course, everything is possible, but come on! Best friends marrying? Lion king all over again, huh?\
	Okay, Harry Potter analogy\'85 brace yourself.\
John\'96Harry    Elli\'96Hermoine    Will\'96well, Will is kinda like a young Ron. Barely.\
	The problem: Who's Ginny? (Not related to Will, of course\'85) Someone in Leegate, of course\'85 Named? Suzy would sound good in concept, but isn't\'85 the action-filled name I'm looking for. I need Suzy with chili sauce and tortilla chips\
SuzyChiliSauseTortillaChips\
  SzyChlScTrtllChps\
  Suzy Chortocle Turtle?\
  Szchrtcltrtl\
  \ul ch\ulnone  t \ul cl\ulnone  t \ul tl\ulnone \
Chut Cultul?\
Ctct\
Okay, this is dumb, and I'm getting NoWheRe!\
King Henry's wive's name\'85 starts with a C\'85\
Queen what?\uc0\u8232 I guess I'll use Catherine. Dumb name. oh well.\
	John 
\f3 \uc0\u9825 
\f0  Catherine. Eventually. Or Elli\'85NO! Not after that long.\
	Elli marries first. She has to. If I ever write that much. Which I doubt. But she marries Roland. Remember? Ilia all the way.\
	Hey! Brain spark thing! Super Analogistic Powers of DOOM!\
	Link\'96John    Ilia\'96Elli    Colin\'96Will   Zelda\'96Catherine    Roland\'96Roland\
	It all fits!\
	Except\'85 Who's the \'91bad guy(s)\'92\
	I have two choices. Clancy or\'85 Clancy.\
	Do both parties have similar goals; goals that are different and conflicting, yet still \'91good\'92; or is one good and one definitely evil?\
	This has No Magic! I think it should still be \'91good vs. evil\'92. Ish. More like one party manipulating the other to do certain things. With a third, maybe fourth, party thrown in for seasoning.\
	This will be fun for [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]].\
\
	Party One\'96 John\
	Party Two\'96 Boris (for now)\
	Party Three\'96 Will, Elli\
	Party Four\'96 Catherine, Roland\
\
	Party Two needs to\'85\'a0control all. So, of course he wins. Good thing I don't have any fans. They'd kill me.\
	If II does anything, he arises suspicions. So he gets I to do it. How? III and IIII (I should have written IV)\
	So, here goes everything\'85\page 		
\f4 1  -  FLAME\

\f0 \
	John climbed up the rocky slope.  It was a long, hard climb, but the view \cf2 @ the top\cf0  was spectacular.  Will and Elli, his two best friends, were close behind him.\
	John reached the top first.  He looked down below him and saw a man running wit a burning torch.  'Look,' he whispered, pointing to the man.  Elli and Will rushed to look.\
	'What do you think he's doing?' Elli asked.\
	'I don't know.  Look, he's running over to that cabin!' John said.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0 \
	The cabin had one window and one door, and was unpainted and undecorated.\
	'Maybe he's a worker or something,' John siad.\
	'With a torch?'  Elli was doubtful.\
	'I don't see you spouting suggestions,'  John said.\
	'Look, he's almost there!'  Will was almost shouting.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0 \
	The man reached the house, threw the torch in through the window, and started running away.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0 \
	'He's burning the place to the gr...'\
	Whatever John said next \cf2 was lost forever\cf0 , because at that moment the house flew apart in a wave of sound and flame.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0   A blackened skeleton, robbed of it's flesh by fire and wind landed roughly twenty feet from where the trio was standing.  Elli saw it first and screamed, almost throwing up.  John and Will turned and gasped at the sight that met their eyes.\
\
	Elli wanted to turn back but the boys continued.  Not wanting to be left behind, she followed them.\
	'What was that?' Elli said.\
	'No clue,' John said.\
	'So why are we getting closer?'\
	'Curiosity.'\
	'Curiosity killed the cat...'\
	'Only because cats are stupid.'\
	'Are not!'\
	'I had a cat, but when I went up to it, it turned and ran...'\
	'Are you surprised?  It was scared!'\
	'...Into a brick wall.'\
	'Well, we're all a little irrational when we're scared!'\
	'Then don't get scared.'\
	'And if I do?'\
	'Watch out for brick walls.'\
	'You're very helpful,' Elli said sarcastically.\
	'Thank you,' John said, with equal sarcasm.\
	The trio broke into silence as they approached the remains of the cabin.  There wasn't much, just a large black mark where the cabin stood.  Wood was burning all around, and there was still a slight wind blowing about.\
	'What 
\f2\i was
\f0\i0  that?' Elli asked again.\
	'Well, we discovered it, so we can name it.'  John looked thoughtful.\
	'Actually, the guy with the torch discovered it...' Elli said.\
	'Yeah, but he's dead.  Hey Will, whatcha wanna call it?' John asked.\
	'Luxonus,' Will said.\
	'Luxonus?  Why?' John asked.\
	'It sounds interesting.'\
	'Okay\strike \strikec2 , so a giant fury of sound, wind, and fire is a luxonus\strike0\striked0 .  I'll accept that.'\
	'I don't know,' Elli said.  'It sounds like something a wierdo ten-year-old made up.'\
	'Well, Elli, that's because... oh, I don't know... maybe because a wierdo ten-year-old 
\f2\i did
\f0\i0  make it up!' John said, once again employing sarcasm.  \cf2 Revise\cf0 \
	'Yeah, but we don't want everyone to 
\f2\i know
\f0\i0 , do we?'\
	'Why not?'\
	'It makes us sound like a bunch of crazy kids.'\
	'We 
\f2\i are
\f0\i0  a bunch of crazy kids!'\
	'It doesn't sound professional.'\
	'Neither does 'jellyfish'.  Big deal.'\
	'It 
\f2\i is
\f0\i0  a big deal.  If we don't want to sound like raving lunatics, we need a name that sounds good.'\
	'Elli, no matter what we call it, we'll sound like raving lunatics.  Who's going to believe that a cabin just... luxonifies in a fury of sound, flame, and wind?'\
	'We can take them here...'\
	'In which case they'll believe us, and it won't matter what we call it.  Either way, it doesn't matter.'\
	Elli knew she was fight ing a losing battle.  'Okay, have it your way.  But if they don't believe us, I'm blaming you.\
			
\f5 \uc0\u10035 
\f0    ~    
\f5 \uc0\u10035 
\f0 \
	The village was skeptical at first, but after they saw the evidence, they soon believed the trio.  Some thought it was the wrath of heaven, some thought it was a curse from below.  John thought it was worth investigating.\
~Ballpoint Pen ahead\'85~~~~~~ \uc0\u968 \
	He walked over to the skeleton.  It was barely recognizable as human; it had lost all its clothing, skin, muscle, and hair so that all that remained was bone and small chunks of burnt flesh.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0   It was rather gruesome to look at, but immediately John noticed something odd.  The skeleton's hip bone was shiny... no, there was metal entwined with it.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0   The piece of metal must have been in the man's pocket when the luxonus hit, and now the metal was one with the hip bone.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0   John tried to separate the two, and with much effort succeeded.  The metal structure seemed to have been a box, and when John\page The Ballpoint\'85 Pen!\
	Spoiler Warning: All pens have spoilers, so patient folks, go away!\
\
	It's all a set-up. Boris wants John to see the explosion and investigate. Just telling you.\page turned it upside down the lid fell off and a small piece of paper fell out.  The box protected the paper from most of the luxonus, and the paper was still readable.\
	
\f2\i Hello, John.  Come see me sometime.  1402 Starford Lane.  \cf2 \'ae
\f0\i0 \cf0 \
	John did not feel an ice cold sweat.  His spine felt no tingle, he felt no eyes boring into his head.  He was not even surprised.  John was the most common name in most of the world, and the torchman's name was probably also John.  Still, he was curious.  He wanted to see 1402 Starford Lane, but Elli wasn't so sure.\
	'Come on, Elli, what's the worst that could happen?' John said to her.\
	'Let's see, death by luxonus, death by steaming hot boiling tar, death by arrow, death by spiked drawbridge, death by giant pit, and death by sword, just to name a few,' Elli argued.  \cf2 \'ae\cf0 \
	'I didn't say we had to go inside...'\
	'So no deadly drawbridge.  Big deal.  That still leaves five other things to kill us.'  \cf2 \'ae\cf0 \
	'Look, we'll be careful...'\
	'And what about Will?  He's only eight.'\
	'How about this - I go, and you two stay behind?'\
	'Fine.  Just don't get yourself killed.'\
	'I'll try not to.'\
\page \cf2 	The Red Ballpoint Pen\
\
	Okay, so\'85 the torchman's name is Bob. John is stupid. And to go there alone\'85 Stupid, stupid, stupid. All the easier for Boris to conquer\'85 Yay Boris!\
\
	You know, I don't think there will be a fourth party. At least not yet.\
\
	I just had a vision. People rioting in the streets, all because in this dumb book the bad guy wins. And there won't be a sequel where the good guys come back and win. But I won't care. Because in the real world, evil always triumphs over good.\
\
	Mu-ha-ha-haaaa!\
\
	Hi [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s other friend\u8239 ]]! You don't get it do you? And you probably never will! I control your knowledge of this book! Ballpoint pens rule!}