{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Tyneland		Tyler M. Fengat\
\
		
\f1\i Author's Note:
\f0\i0 \
	This book truly started August of 2006.  The beginning of 7th Grade.\
	I started BeN Newsboards.  Based upon the Gaben (that's Gabe
\f2 \uc0\u8901 
\f0 un) of 5th Grade, it was a new and improved chatroom... on paper.  It revolutionized notes.  Instead of passing lots of papers around you just passed one: the BeN.\
	The BeN was simple.  You just needed a symbol (Mine was 
\f3 \uc0\u65533 
\f0 ) and you could write whatever.\
	Later in the year, the Ben was replaced... with a notebook.  The Notebook was a notebook with a green cover, and inside an amazing adventure unfolded.\
	Instead of symbols you used characters.  Mine was 
\f3 \uc0\u65533 
\f0  (obviously based off of Kirby), and your characters talked, like a chatroom, until one of the characters got bored.  Then the whole thing became a comic, characters fighting, playing, having fun...\
	Notebook full, I started Ben back up.  But it soon got boring, and I missed the adventure of the Notebook.  So, once again, I started something new...\
	Storytime Magic.  Group story-writing.  We wrote about people named Bob, Whales, Fairied, little fish... anything that popped into our heads.\
	Somewhere around here was June 8, 2007.  My 13th Birthday.  I got a Wii, and probably the most life-changing game for me:  THE LEGEND OF ZELDA: TWILIGHT PRINCESS.\
	And thus begun the most action-packed last few weeks of school... ever.\
	Almost immediately, I liked the game.  So I incorporated it into my latest invention.  Twilight Princess + Storytime Magic = (drumroll here) The Legend of Ilia.\
	Who cares about Zelda?  Some crazy princess.  As for Ilia, that's a different matter.\
	The Legend of Ilia.  By: [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s name]] (That's me, Tyler Fengat is just a pen name), my best friend [[\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]], and [[\u8239 author\'92s other friend\u8239 ]].\
	The Legend was not made to be read.  It was made to be written.  So, inevitably, it quickly became an action-packed romance with thrills, tears, and... almost no kissing.\
	It's strange.  Link (warrior guy with awesome sword) and Ilia (farmgirl in white dress) are obviously in love, they hug several times, but... they only kiss once.\
	The school year ended.  [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]] moved to Vancouver, WA.  But tha Legend was so fun I spent all summer writing more.\
	Each Legend was different, but they were all adventurous.  As the summer went on I grew better.  And I decided it was time.\
	August 2007.  8th grade.  I start this book.  My writing during school hours has stopped.  Storytime Magic lost its Magic over the summer.  If [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]] was there, it would have continued.  But [[\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]] was in Vancouver.\
	I wrote instead at home.  And it became this:\
\
Tyneland\
	(or: The Legend of Ilia: Omega)\
		
\f1\i \ul Prolouge
\f0\i0 \ulnone \
	John ran down to the spring.  Will was sprinting behind him, but was gradually falling further and further back.\
	'Hey, John, slow down!'  Will was only ten, four years younger than John.\
	John did not slow down, but he did glance behind his shoulder.  He looked at Will for a second, then turned his head forward again.  'She has my horse, Will.  My horse.'\
	As John passed the spring, Will slowed to a walk.  John ran on, without even glancing back.\
\
	'Come on, Elli.  Give me back my horse,' John said for the twentieth time.\
	'No,' Elli said.  It was all she had said to John that day.\
	'Please?'\
	'No.'\
	'Why not?'\
	Elli said nothing, but pointed to a small wound on the horse's leg.\
	'That wasn't my fault.'\
	'I don't care whose fault it was.  I'm not letting you on this horse.'\
	'Just give her to me.'\
	'Why should I?'\
	'Because she's my horse!'\
	'So?'\
	'So, you're kidnapping my horse.  How about I go tell your dad the happy news?'\
	'Fine.  Take her.  But if it happens again, I won't be so forgiving.'\
	'Whatever.'\
	'I mean it.'\
	'I'm sure you do.'\
	Elli turned around and walked off.\
				Chapter One\
10-30-07\
	
\f1\i Dear Diary,
\f0\i0 \
	John was really mean today.  He paid ABSOLUTELY NO HEED to what I was saying.  He's my best friend, but sometimes I don't understand him.\
	Why won't he listen to me and take care of his horse?  Sometimes i just don't know what to do.\
\
	John rode back home.  It was well past noon, but he hadn't eaten since breakfast.  He fixed a sandwich, and sat down to eat.\
	When he finished... yada yada.}