{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\f0\fs24 \cf0 		
\fs36 \ul Epona\

\fs24 \ulnone \
1	Link knew Ilia since he was 8.  Or 6.  Or 2.  But they didn't become friends until Link turned 12...\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Chapter 1\ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803
\cf0 2	Link woke up for the first time in his new house.  He had previously lived with his brother in Kakariko Village, but then he saw this house in Ordon Village...\
3	He got out of bed and got ready.\
4	When Link stepped out of his house that day, he was a complete stranger.  His house was a bit further from the center of the village than most, so it took him a while to find other houses.  As he neared the mayor's house, he passed may children, but they ignored him.  Eventually, he reached the mayor's house and knocked on the door.\
5	Link knew the mayor; everyone in Kakariko Village did.  His daughter, Ilia, and he often visited Kakariko.  The mayor was a nice man, and his daughter was okay... but neither seemed the type who would want to be friends with a strange 12-year-old, not even Ilia, who was also 12.\
6	The mayor opened the door.  'Oh!  Hello...... Link.  You moved in yesterday?'\
7	'Yes.'\
8	'Okay, could you start work next month?'\
9	'That would be fine.'\
10	'Very good,' the mayor said, shutting the door.\
\
11	 On his trip home, Link saw Ilia.  'Hi, Ilia!' he said.\
12	'Do I know you?'\
13	'Probably not.  I just moved here.'\
14	'Well, then, introduce yourself.'\
15	'I'm Link.  I moved here from Kakariko.'\
16	'Nice to meet you, Link.'\
17	'Nice to meet you, too.'\
18	'When do you start work?'\
19	'In a month.'\
20	'Well, see you.'\
21	'See you,' Link said, walking away.\
22	Link was surprised at how nice Ilia was being.  It wasn't like they were ever going to be friends.  He was a boy.  Boys aren't friends with girls.  At least not in Kakariko.\
\
23	The next day, Link followed the river to its source: Ordon Spring.  The spring was a beautiful place, its warm waters full of fish.  Once he got a pole, he would have to go fishing here.\
24	As he was sitting by the spring, Link heard footsteps behind him.  He turned, and saw Ilia walk up behind him.\
25	'I see you've found the spring.  Nothing compared to Kakariko's, but its still nice.'\
26	'Are you kidding?  Kakariko is rock and sand.  Ordon is practically bursting with life, especially its spring.'\
27	'Theirs is warmer.'\
28	'You've got a river.  Trust me, after about five days Kakariko's springs get really boring.\
29	Ilia nodded, then changed the subject.  'So, what are you doing for the next month?'\
30	'Nothing, really.  Why?'\
31	'Just curious.'\
32	'What'll you be doing for the next month?'\
33	'Nothing.  So, what's life like in Kakariko?'\
34	'Boring.'\
35	'Don't expect it to be much better here.'\
36	'At least here everyone's human.'\
37	'True.'}