{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2576
\cocoascreenfonts1\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 STXihei;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red187\green0\blue255;\red0\green97\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c73333\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c38039\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9200\viewh8700\viewkind1
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The Storytime Magic\
The Legend of ILIA!: The Dark World\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf2 So, once upon a time there was a guy named Link.  He was awesome.  \cf3 He could shoot a Kirby target 500 yards away!  And everybody liked him.  But... \cf0  \cf2 Zelda came to visit him and... turned him into...\cf3  a newt!  Well, technically he was a salamander.  \cf2 Wait!  What?  No!  Zelda wouldn't do that!  Would she?  So she turned Link back and spoke.\
	\cf3 'I'm Zelda'\
	'Cool, you're weird though.'\
	\cf2 Link and Zelda ran off into the forest on a mission to save Hyrule.  But that doesn't matter.\
	\cf3 Because this was all a dream to Ilia.\
	So she got up and ate her magik waffles with syrup.  \cf2 No!  Normal waffles.  And then she went to go see Link.  Don't ask me why.  But she found he wasn't at his house!\
	\cf3 And she ate his \striked1 \strikec3 magic\strike0\striked0  waffles, and went to Hyrule for some more waffles.\
	\cf2 'Cause she thought Link might be there......\
	\cf3 And she was hungry.\
	\cf2 So...\
	\cf3 Ilia got there and saw Link!\
	'Big deal,' she said.\
	'I see him like every day.'\
	\cf2 But then she noticed a beautiful girl next to him.  'Who's that, Link?' she asked.\
	\cf3 'Oh, zat iz ze midnight prinzezz.  Ooo are yooo?'\
	\cf2 'Huh?'\
	'Her name is Princess Zelda.  She's an apple.'\
	\cf3 'Aha, so the truth comes out huh!'\
	'Huh?'\
	'That's what I thought, goodbye Link.'\
	\cf2 'No, Ilia!  Wait!'\
	\cf3 'Why?'\
	'I forgot to ask you.'\
	'Ask me what!'\
	'Apple?'\
	'Goodbye!'\
	\cf2 Ilia angrily stormed off.\
	\cf3 'Awwwww, Ilia but you didn't take the...'  SMACK!  Zelda has had enough.\
	'Ouch that hur...'\
	'Shhhh!' whispered Zelda\
	'What?'\
	\cf2 I agree... What's going on?  Who smacked whom?\
	\cf3 Look again.\
	So anyway...\
\strike \strikec2 	An army of...\cf2 \
	\strike0\striked0 So Link dropped the apple and walked off with Zelda.  But that doesn't matter.  'Cause this story is about Ilia.......\
	\cf3 So Ilia was walking back to wherever she came from when suddenly a bunch of masked figures hurtled out of the trees and...  \cf2 She used her crazy-awesome Hylian magic to knock them all out and teleport home.\
	\cf3 Then Dark knight teleport(ed) them back to where ever they are, and Ilia said 'This isn't good' as a band of unusually red delicious-looking big humungous extremely scarlet apples attacked her.\
	\cf2 But Ilia was saved, as Link came to eat them all!  (By them I mean the apples... \uc0\u63743 )\
\cf3 And Apple macs were created \uc0\u63743 
\f1 \uc0\u9786 
\f2 \

\f0 \cf2 And They saved the day... And teleported them all into...\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 ERR: 409	SERVER NOT FOUND\
SEARCHING...\
DOWNLOADING\
LINK & ILIA\
TELEPORTED\
INSTALLING: THE DARK WORLD\
PROGRAM RUN\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	Link and Ilia woke up in the Dark World.\
	\cf3 When they stood up they immediately recognized where they were.\
	'Dark world, \strike \strikec3 again?\strike0\striked0 ' said Link in an exasperated tone.\
	'Yes, obviously Link' came a voice behind a black rock.\
	\cf2 Oi!  He hasn't been here before!  And he transformed into a pink bunny rabbit.\
	Link looked at Ilia.  The powers of the Dark World transformed her into a...\
	\cf3 a light green bunny in a blue cloak with an eggshell trim!\
	\cf2 'Hm.....	Odd.....	Why is she a bunny?' Link thought.  'I would think her true form would be different from mine...'\
	\cf3 'Like a fox!' said the voice behind the rock as 2 carrots popped out from behind the rock.\
	'That's a fox?' said Link.\
	'No!" cried the voice.\
	*POOF*\
	The carrots were now two orange foxes.\
	\cf2 So Link asked 'Do you know where the Mirror of No Significance is!'\
	\cf3 The two foxes looked at each other.\
	'Well?'\
	The fox to the right (we'll call him #1 fox) said 'Well how are two bunnies going to find it anyway?'\
	'Why it's simple' said Link.\
	'How?' said the fox to the left (we'll call him #2 fox0\
	\cf2 'We get help from..........\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs72 \cf2 StarFox!'\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 	At that moment, StarFox flew in.\
	\cf3 'All right bunny pay up,' said Starfox.\
	'What?' said Link.\
	'Uh... I don't know really aren't you supposed to give me a coin or somethin'?' said Starfox.\
	\cf2 'No, but I'll give you a carrot.'\
	\cf3 'Ok carrot it is.'\
	'So where is the Mirror of No Significance?'\
	'Well just follow me,' said Starfox with his mouth full.\
	\cf2 So Starfox gave them the Mirror of No Significance!\
	'So what do we do with that?' Ilia asked.\
	'Nothing.  It has no significance.'\
	\cf3 'Let's break it!' said the voice.\
	\cf2 'No.  Let's trade it for the Mirror of Significance!'\
	\cf3 'No!  I say let's break it!' said the voice.\
	\cf2 'No.  Hey Starfox, I'll trade this for the Mirror of Significance.'\
	'No.  I need more.'\
	'How 'bout a carrot?'\
	\cf3 'Ok, It's a win-win situation for me.'\
	But they were too late \cf2 'cause the Thing behind the rock broke the Mirror of Significance, teleporting them all back to Hyrule.\
	\cf3 Yep, but with Starfox too!\
	\cf2 So.....\
	Anyway, soup is yummy!  Chicken noodle soup with Club Crackers and extra salt.\
	\cf3 Indeed.\
\
	So anyway... (ahem [[\uc0\u8239 AUTHOR NAME\u8239 ]])\
	\cf2 Link and Ilia ate soup.\
	\cf3 Chicken noodle soup withe x-tra salt and crackerz!\
	'Yummi' said Link.\
	'No, yumm\ul y\ulnone ,' said Ilia.\
	'Whatever' said Link.\
	Starfox said: 'So after our soup we shall....'\
	\cf2 'GO SEE MIDNA!' shouted Link.\
	\cf3 'Don't interrupt it's very rude, so anyway after our soup we shall go to'\
	
\fs48 \cf2 'SEE MIDNA!'
\fs24  Link shouted louder.\
	\cf3 'I SAID DON'T INTERRUPT!, now we're going to the Dark world because I'm bored and also to'\
	
\fs128 \cf2 'SEE MIDNA!'
\fs24  Link's eyeballs popped out of his head.\
\
	\cf3 'Ok \ul fine\ulnone  we'll go see midna, and hurt bad guys, let's go and finish this story, oh and put your eyeballs back in your head' said Starfox.\
	So they got back to the \strike \strikec3 dark world \cf2 \strike0\striked0 and see Midna.  But she wasn't there.  Strange.  So \ul then\ulnone  they went to the Dark World... And saw Link & Ilia & Midna.  From the other story.  (see The Legend of Zelda: The Dark World).\
	\cf3 AAAAAAAAAHHHHH!!\
	
\fs72 *POOF*!\

\fs24 	See next page.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\page \pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Storytime Magic\
The Legend of Zelda: The Dark World\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	Dark world is a place where few have gone, and none ever return.\cf2   Except for the inhabitants of this world, that is...  Like Dark Link!  \cf3 'He-He-He-He!' cackled dark Link as he...\
\cf2 Enough!  This story is about Zelda!\
	So Zelda visited Link and...  \cf3 turned him into a newt.  Well, technically he was salamander and he ate flies.  So anyway Zelda got tired of \cf2 him & changed him back.  Then she spoke:\
	\cf3 'I'm Zelda the extrodinar!'\
	'You sound like my mom.'\
	'Enough talk!'\
	'Why?'\
	'Because you're hearting my ears!'\
	'Oh sorry.'\
	\cf2 So they ran off to save Hyrule.  The forest was dangerous, but they \cf3 got hungry along the way, saw a cute bunny rabbit and Link killed it with his 104 Caliber Arrow.  So they ate the bunny and saw some unusually red delicious looking big, humungo, extremely large, very scarlet apples.\
	\cf2 So they ate them!  Yum!\cf3 \
	and then they went to Hyrule to find some more unusually red delicious looking big humungo extremely large very scarlet apples.\
	\cf2 And ate them too!  And saw Ilia!\
	'Who's that, Link?'  Ilia asked.\
	\cf3 'Oh you mean this?' said Link offering her a unusually red delicious looking big humongo extremly large, very scarlet apple.\
	\cf2 'Not what... Who?'\
	\cf3 'I told you, it's an apple!'\
	\cf2 'No, the girl!'\
	'Oh.  That's Princess Zelda.'\
	\cf3 'And that is...'\
	'THAT IS THE MOST POWERFUL PRINCESS EVER!' thundered Zelda.\
	\cf2 'Well, she seems nice,' Ilia said sarcastically.\
	\cf3 'OF COURSE I'M NICE YOU LITTLE *rejuvenating sigh* I mean you little Ilia brat\cf2 !'\
	Ilia, upset, stormed off.  Link watched her leave, then yelled at Zelda:\
	\cf3 'YOU STINK.'\
	'no, I just have to take a bath, that's all,' replied Zelda cooly.\
	'You just don't get it.'\
	\cf2 'Get what?'\
	'Nothing.'\
	Zelda and Link walked toward the castle.\
	\cf3 And found the most disturbing truth... there were walking, biting, & talking unusually red delicious looking big humungo extremely large, very scarlet apples ! ! !(?)  \cf2 But then, the world saved, Link punches Zelda in the face for the false alarm and runs home.  \cf3 (you didn't see this)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	I don't get it...				Let's change the subject.\
	'How astonishing!' cried Zelda.\
	'You make me sad, I shall kill you now.'\
	\cf2 So Link discovers that Zelda is really Dark Zelda and kills her.  And then uses Twilight Magic to warp to Ordon Village.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Chapter \cf2 2\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
But the next day, Ilia walked up to Link.  'What was going on yesterday?  You were brainwashed by apples!'\
	\cf3 'Of course master Il-ee-a' said Link in a ro-bot-ic voices.\
	'You're weird.'\
	'no I'm not master Il-ee-a'\
	\cf2 'Um....  okay....  this is kind of..... strange.'\
	\cf3 'Yes, master Il-ee-a!'\
	\cf2 'Snap outa it!'\
	\cf3 'Ok.'\
	'Wow, it's that easy?'\
	'Why were you talking like that?'\
	'I am a ro-bot, master Il-ee-a.'\
	'Ook,' said Ilia.\
	'Ook master Il-ee-a.'\
	'I'm hungry lets...' *POOF*!\
	\cf2 'What do you mean by "Let's Poof!", master Iilleeaaa'\
	\cf3 I mean that they have been '*POOF*ed' by somebody ok?\
	But Ilia was no longer in that dimension, she was \cf2 with Link in the Twilight Realm.........................\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf4 <Missing a page... :(>\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf2 	and punched Link in the face.  'I'm Ilia,' she said.\
	\cf3 'Right on,' said Midna.\
	'Ouchee!' said Link.\
	'What, something wrong?' said Ilia in mock concern.\
	\cf2 'So, anyway, we need to get back home,' Link said in pain.'\
\cf3 	'Ok, let's go.' said Midna.\
	'Oh and Link,' said Ilia.\
	'Ooph!' said Link as Ilia turned Link into a pink bunny.\
	'Squek!' said Link.\
	'That's right little Link,' said Ilia in a sweet voice.\
	\cf2 So Midna laughed and teleported them all (herself included) to Ordon Village.\
	\cf3 'Squek!' protested the pink bunny.\
\cf2 	But then he transformed back into Link.\
	'Finally!' Link said.\
	Midna laughed, dropping a Twilight shard on him.\
	He promptly changed into a wolf.\
\cf3 	'Bark,' he says.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	'Very dramatic, more gusto please' said Ilia with disdain.\
	'WOOF!' cried Wolf Link.\
	'Very good, now let's go pillage ze village,' said Midna.\
	\cf2 She changed him back into Link.  'Ok!'  Link said.  'If you're all done, we need to get to the Dark World!'\
	\cf3 'NOOOOO!' said Link.\
	'Why?'\
	'I need to get my stuff first.'\
	'You mean the pillaged stuff?'\
	\cf2 'Yeah.  The stuff \ul you\ulnone  stole (with my help) a few years ago.'\
	'Oh, okay then.'\
	\cf3 So they got the pillaged stuff from a few years ago and went to the Dark World\cf2  & then looked for Princess Zelda (the nice one).\
	\cf3 'Where is she?' said Link.\
	'She's been *POOF*(ed)' said the voice behind the rock.\
	'You again!' said Link.\
	'Yes me again.'\
	\cf2 Ahh... what's going on?\
	'Who is this voice, Link?' Ilia asked.\
	'IT IS I, THE VOICE BEHIND THE ROCK!'\
	\cf3 'Oookay whatever you are.'\
	'You make me sad ILIA!'\
	'How did you know my...'\
	'IT DOESN'T MATTER!  I NEED YOUR HELP!'\
	'Geez you're loud,'\
	'SHUT UP!!' said the voice behind the rock.\
	'Ok (sheesh),' said Ilia.\
	\cf2 But then they met... Another Link.  Along w/ Ilia and Starfox.\
	'What's going on?' the two Links said simultaneously.\
	
\fs48 \cf3 AAAAAAAHHHH!  *POOF*\

\fs24 	See next page.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
\page \pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The Legend of Ilia II:\
The Dark World!\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
	And so... the much-anticipated sequel to the Legend of Ilia!  Yay!\
	\cf3 So we begin (ahem, [[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]]....)\
	\cf2 Midna recognized Starfox.  She punched him in the face...\
	\cf3 'Ovee, zat urt mine shnout,' Starfox said as his nose swelled and turned redder.\
	'Serves you right you little bothersome Starfox.'\
	\cf2 She punched him again.\cf3 \
	'Ztop zat, eet aalreadee urts' said Starfox.\
	\cf2 'Then you won't like this,' she said, punching him again.\
	\cf3 'Arghh!  Whyee aree ya doing zizz?' protested Starfox.\
	\cf2 'No reason,' she said, punching him.\
	\cf3 'I may be forced to stop you,' said a voice behind a black rock.\
	'Oh, and you can't punch me,' it added.\
	\cf2 'I'd like to see you try,' Midna said, taking out her sword.\
	\cf3 'Ahhh... yes that little problem,' said the voice.\
	'Hey,' exclaimed Midna as the sword turned into a Daisy.\
	'Now then, to stop you...' said the voice.\
	\cf2 Midna used her Twilight Powers to destroy the rock.  Behind it was... Skull kid!  Oh, no!\
	'Hey!' said Skull Kid.  'You broke my rock!'\
	'Meanwhile, Daisy looked around, confused.  'Where am I?' she wondered.\
	'You were attacking Fox!'  Midna said.\
	'Oh, ok.  Take this, Fox!' she said, punching him.}