{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c24314\c24314\c24314;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1008\vieww18000\viewh16080\viewkind1\viewscale140
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Super Smash Bros. Brawl:\
The Revenge of Metaknight!\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\cf2 After emerging from the rubble of the Halberd\'97and R.O.B\'97he has one goal, and that is to\'85\cf0  Kill Snake! \cf2 He hitched a ride on the highway and headed to Shadow Moses Island.\cf0  In front of his eyes flashed \'93GAME!\'94 And the Brawl was over. Metaknight was teleported back into his home world.\cf2  Back on S.M.I., Snake was confused at his +1 win added to his record.\cf0  Metaknight built a teleporter to take him to SMI. But it malfunctioned\'85\cf2  and it brought Master Hand into Metaknight's world.\cf0  And it took Metaknight into Hyrule.\cf2  Metaknight was now in the middle of the ocean on a boat with Toon Link, and Metaknight can't swim well. \cf0 So he killed Toon Link and sailed to land.\
	He found himself in Faron Forest, and found Link and Ilia.\cf2  Metaknight asked if they wanted to team up.\cf0 \
	\'93Ummm\'85 We're in the middle of a story here,\'94 Link said, obviously speaking of The Legend of Ilia. \cf2 Metaknight was mad, and began to walk away when\'85 \cf0 Monsters started chasing them! \cf2 They were Primids and Greaps! \cf0 What? Um\'85 That wasn't supposed to happen. Oh well. So Ilia screams and they run and climb a tree.\cf2  And then Link remembered he had a sword+bow so\'85\cf0  He shot them with his bow. Eventually he fell asleep.\cf2  When they woke up they noticed the remaining Primids and Greaps were asleep, so they climbed down the and left.\cf0  But they had stolen Link's horse, Epona, and taken her away!\cf2  The new team travelled to Karikoko to try to find more arrows.\cf0  Ummm\'85 New team? What!\cf2  O.K. then\'85\'a0Link, Ilia, and Metaknight go to Karikoko to try to find more arrows (is that better?),\cf0  but Metaknight is teleported again to: \cf2 his wrecked Halberd.\cf0  Metaknight messes with the dials on his transporter, and presses GO! He is teleported to\'85\
	Bryyo! This jungle-like planet is full of adventure!\cf2  He saw a ship that was landed outside, and it looked like a giant orange helmet. To Metaknight, it seemed free for the taking. \cf0 He would have to redesign the mask to match his own, but\'85\cf2  Metaknight was trapped in what seemed to be a blue grappling coil! He turned around to see what looked like a orange robot.\cf0  No, wait! It was\'85 SAMUS!\cf2 \
	\cf0 Metaknight didn't like Samus. He had been saving a Smash Ball.\cf2  Metaknight didn't catch her in his cape, so the attack did little damage. Metaknight then did his 
\f1 \uc0\u8595 
\f0 B and disappeared.\cf0  He reappeared behind her in a whirlwind of his blade, slicing Samus's suit into pieces. Zero Suit Samus used her whip to rip away Metaknight's blade. Metaknight punched her, knocking her out. He got in her ship\'85\
	And then they all teleported back to the Halberd. I mean Metaknight & Samus's ship. Not Samus herself\'85\cf2  Metaknight began to paint his helmet design and color onto Samus's ship. Trying to get back to his main objective, Metaknight thought of how to get to Shadow Moses Island when\'85 \cf0 He got an idea! His transporter must not be getting enough power\'85\cf2  and found ROB's head and found it had a lot of power so\'85\cf0  He plugged it into the transporter and\'85\cf2  its lightbulbs began to become brighter and\'85\cf0  It exploded, merging all the worlds into one\'85\'a0and\'85 creating\'85\'a0NINTENDO LAND\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85!\cf2  Metaknight was disappointed, since this world\'97according to the map\'97did not have S.M.I.\cf0  But he couldn't find himself either, so\'85 Metaknight met up with Ganon. They saw Olimar & G&W. Metaknight TOTALLY KILLED THEM ALL. Even Ganon. But that was an accident.\cf2  Metaknight and Ganondorf were walking throught the swamp when they found Jigglypuff singing Luigi to sleep.\cf0  'Cept Ganon waz dead. So anyways, Metanite goez an' turns Mr. Jiggles into a balloon an' giex it to luigi. 'E's in a very good mood.\cf2  Well 'den, Luigi supposed he don't want Metaknight as an en'my, so dey team up.\cf0  'Cept Luigi finds out 'bout Metanite merging the many worlds into Nintendoland, an' he's none too 'appy, so 'e stabbs Metanite in 'is back. Metanite gets pretty mad, o' course, an' 'e choppes off Luigi's 'ead.\cf2  Luigi head hit der dirt 'nd 'e got dead. Metaknight chose te start leaving dat der swamp.\cf0  'E 'eaded ter the Research Facilities, 'opin' ter stumbul 'pon Snake. \cf2 'Ile he was 'eadin' der, he got 'it on teh 'ead by da tree above him, making his grammer work proficiently well, with slite speling erorrs.\cf0  Wel, so he walkt into thee faceletie and lookes for Snak.\cf2  Snak waz in his offise at the momente. Metaknite was rushing four the ofice, wen\'85\cf0  Snak stabd his hed, makeng him spel evrytheng foneticly.\cf2  Metanite waz going to the hosbital because his hed hurt. He looked at his score aganst Snake. -2. Sad.\cf0  Wel he got beter and he teamed up with Kirby.\cf2  Kirby thot the tornado atak waz awsom, so he also took Metanite's power. They went to the forest.\cf0  Yum.\cf2  Raqaza ataked them.\cf0  Raqaza? Huh? Ra-ka-za? Wa-awa-za? I stil dont git it.\cf2  Well, anyway, he hit the team on the hed hard so now they can only say 3 words or less in sentences. It hurt bad.\cf0  They killed him. Who is Raqaza? Kirby was confused. Oh, well.\cf2  They felt strong. They found DeDeDe. The fight began.\cf0  They attacked. DeDeDe defended. They still won.\cf2  Pit joined too. He slashed Kirby.\cf0  Kirby ate him. He was tasty.\cf2  SSE bomb. Destroys DeDeDe's castle.\cf0  Another bomb appears. Kirby eats it. He burps.\cf2  Kirby saved R.O.B. 3 people team.\cf0  2 people team. Metaknight hate ROB. ROB killed Halberd. Remember that? Metaknight killed ROB. \cf2 Sad for ROB\'85 A bob-omb exploded.\cf0  And then [[\uc0\u8239 author\'92s name\u8239 ]] tricked [[\u8239 other classmate\u8239 ]] by giving him wrong answers. Yay.\cf2  Haha. He's going to believe you! Continuing with the story\'85\cf0  So they find Snake and Kill him.\cf2  Metaknight rebuilds a new Halberd and retires in the sky.\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 END}