{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1326\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AlegreyaSans-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\*\category Write 2, min. Version 2.0.7}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1008\vieww18000\viewh17540\viewkind1\viewscale140
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf0 The Legend of Ilia\
Iota One\
\
\ul Chapter One\ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360
\cf0 	There was only one outfit Link ever wore. It consisted of tan pants with a brown leather belt, leather shoes, a green shirt, and a long green conical hat. He washed the outfit every week, but, after twelve years of constant wear, it still looked new. Apart from this outfit, on an average day Link wore two small, blue earrings and leather fingerless gloves. 
\i Too bad this isn't an average day
\i0 , Link thought as he removed his gloves. Then, slowly, he did something he hadn't done in twelve years except on cleaning nights: he removed his hat.\
\
	When Link finally stepped out of his house that day, he looked like a different person. Many people thought he was his father, or a cousin that had stopped by to visit, and it was only with much explaining that he was able to convince everyone that he was, in fact, Link. The town's confusion was not without reason. Link had worn that outfit for so long that seeing him without it was like seeing a pig with wings: It just seemed impossible. Yet here Link was, walking towards town, without a hat and with a shirt that was white, not green. Over his shirt he wore a navy blue coat, with sleevs that stopped at the wrists of his gloveless hands. Link had just managed to break free of the crowd when he heard a voice off to his right.\
	\'91Hey! Link!\'92\
	It was Colin, running at link while shouting, \'91Link! Wait for me!\'92\
	Link halted and turned towards Colin. Colin was a thin, blond-haired teen who, despite being an inch shorter and several years younger than Link, was one of Link's best friends.\
	\'91Hey, Link! Where are you going?\'92 Colin asked when he reached Link.\
	\'91The mayor's house. He invited me over for supper. And yes, that is why I'm wearing the new outfit,\'92 Link added, as Colin opened his mouth once more.\
	\'91Why do you think you were invited?\'92 Colin asked. \'91I mean, the mayor doesn't just invite anyone, he's always got a reason.\'92\
	\'91I don't know.\'92\
	\'91Think Ilia had anything to do with it?\'92\
	Link laughed. \'91Ilia? She barely knows me! I mean, we were great friends before, but then she lost her memory. Haven't seen her since, not counting that time I helped save that kid.\'92\
	Colin talked in a high-pitched imitation of Ilia's voice. \'91I'll never forget this, Link! You are so kind.\'92\
	Link laughed again. \'91You know how long ago that was? Twelve years. I doubt if she even remembers my name.\'92\
	Colin reverted to his normal voice. \'91Well, unless you've done something heroic recently, I can't see why else you'd be invited. No offence meant, of course.\'92\
	\'91None taken. Maybe he wants to award me for saving the town from the rampaging chickens.\'92\
	\'91I didn't know the mayor handed out awards for mindlessly killing off the town's poultry.\'92\
	\'91I swear they were evil! Their nests were filled with these white things\'85\'92\
	\'91Those were eggs.\'92\
	\'91See? They were preparing for an attack! Building up their armies! They were\'85\'92\
	\'91Acting exactly like all chickens do? Yes, they were. But that's beside the point. You've got to get moving or you'll be late for supper! Go on!\'92 Colin gave Link a little shove.\
	\'91All right, I'm going!\'92 Link said as he walked towards the mayor's house. He looked back, waved, and continued on his way.\
\
	Link knocked three times. The door was opened by Ilia. She glanced momentarily at his shirt then looked him in the eyes.\
	\'91Link! You look\'97well, nice.\'92\
	\'91You too.\'92 And she did. As the mayor's daughter, her dress was beautiful. But her clothes weren't all. She had a kind, soft expression and wonderful, green eyes\'85\
	\'91Come in. The dining room is in the back.\'92 Ilia moved her head slightly in the direction of the dining room.\
	Link nodded his thanks then headed down the hall to the dining room.\
	The dining room was perfect. A table was set for four, though it could have easily fitted eight. The back wall was covered in windows, showing a small hill that backed away and touched the tall, vertical face of a cliff. If you looked off to your right, you could see a pumpkin patch with a dog playing with the smaller pumpkins. To the left was the mayor's ranch, full of sheep and the occasional chicken.\
	\'91Dinner is served!\'92 the mayor shouted.\
	Link turned away from the windows and sat down. Ilia and her father were the only ones sitting with him, but Link barely noticed. The food was so good, Link couldn't think of anything else. Turkey and honey filled biscuits and pumpkin pie; goblets of your choice of cranberry juice, wine, or hot apple cider\'85\'a0yum.\
	Nearly an hour later, everyone was done.\
	\'91Now for the reason I called you here,\'92 the mayor said, putting down his fork. \'91Thanks to you, Link, our livestock wasn't stolen last year. So when I heard you lost your old shield, I just had to help.\'92 He reached behind him and pulled out a beautiful white shield, with Link's symbol painted in its center in blue.\
	Link blinked in amazement. \'91Wow. Thanks. This is amazing. I owe you.\'92 Link took the shield and gazed at it in wonder. \'91I owe you so much.\'92 He glanced out the window and saw a setting sun. \'91It's getting late, I'd better go. But thanks, the dinner was great. The shield\'85 is more than I could ask. I owe you.\'92\
	Link stood up, walked to the door, and left the mayor's house.\
	Colin was waiting for him outside.\
	\'91I reckon she likes you,\'92 Colin said, as they walked home.\
	\'91What? Who?\'92 said Link, a little confused.\
	\'91Ilia. She almost never stopped looking at you. I saw her through the window.\'92\
	\'91You what?\'92\
	\'91Saw her through the window. Congrats on the shield, by the way.\'92\
	\'91Who invited you?\'92\
	\'91Who said I was invited? And why do you care? I've seen you eat plenty of times, and you didn't mind then.\'92\
	\'91Yeah, but then I knew about it. You could've told me.\'92\
	\'91Listen to yourself. You sound like my mom.\'92\
	\'91She does kind of get on your nerves, doesn't she?\'92\
	\'91No kidding. So, what're you gonna do?\'92\
	\'91About what?\'92\
	\'91Ilia.\'92\
	\'91Was I supposed to do something?\'92\
	Colin chuckled. \'91Not if you don't want to. She's awfully pretty, though.\'92\
	\'91Shut up,\'92 Link said, but he was smiling.\
	\'91Shut up? Now why would I do that? And why would you mind? Unless\'85\'a0you don't like her back, do you?\'92\
	\'91No!\'92\
	\'91You're hiding something. Last time you met, twelve years ago\'85 You didn't kiss? Bet you did. Came home with a dazed expression, but I didn't think much of it, I was only eight. She was awfully mean to you, before she was taken, but I bet she didn't mean it, did she? Link?\'92\
	Link had stopped. \'91Remember her last words? \'91Come back, and don't do anything reckless.\'92\'92\
	\'91Pretty much tore that to pieces, didn't you? Reckless constantly, and left almost as soon as you'd returned. Didn't come back after that for three years.\'92\
	\'91She's got more memories back. She didn't say, but you could tell. She recognized me.\'92\
	\'91Told you she would.\'92\
	\'91She wouldn't have, if she hadn't remembered a lot.\'92\
	\'91Hey! You did kiss! Remember that boating trip? You pushed me out of the boat, so I flipped it upside down. When you got to shore, she fell into you\'85\'92\
	\'91That was an accident!\'92\
	\'91Bet it wasn't. Your lips were touching way to long. Anyway, the hugging kinda gave it away.\'92\
	\'91That was before\'85\'92\
	\'91You said she's getting them back. Face the facts, she likes you. Question is, do you like her?\'92\
	\'91After what happened, I don't know if I will ever feel the same about her again. I don't like her any less, but last time this happened, she lost her memory. Things changed after that. Now, I don't know if I can love her, whether I want to or not. Our relationship has been stained past cleaning.\'92\
	\'91Link, nothing's happened for seven years. What would attack her? Come on, we're almost home.\'92 Colin and Link continued down the road. \'91This isn't last time, Link. You're twelve years older and wiser; Ilia is too. If you walk away from her, you'll always wonder if you were right or if you would have been happier if you hadn't left her. Come on, Link!\'92\
\
	\'91Hi Ilia!\'92 Link had been down by the ranch when he'd spotted Ilia.\
	\'91Oh, hi Link.\'92 she said.\
	\'91Have your memory back yet?\'92\
	\'91Yes! I got the last of it a week ago.\'92\
	\'91That's good.\'92\
	\'91Memories of you came back quickly. I was with you a lot.\'92\
	\'91Yeah, you were.\'92\
	\'91So, why'd you come talk to me?\'92\
	\'91To say sorry, I guess. It's really my fault you were taken.\'92\
	\'91It was not! You've just got survivor's guilt.\'92\
	\'91You think so?\'92\
	\'91Definitely.\'92\
	\'91Someone knew. About us.\'92\
	\'91Who?\'92\
	\'91Colin.\'92\
	\'91What gave us away?\'92\
	\'91The boat ride.\'92\
	\'91Oh, yes. I wondered about that.\'92\
	\'91He spied on us last night. Without my permission, of course.\'92\
	\'91Probably told you a lot.\'92\
	\'91A little.\'92\
	\'91What?\'92\
	\'91He says you were staring at me. I didn't notice. The food was too good.\'92\
	\'91Does he?\'92\
	\'91Seems to think we should get back together. I'm completely torn. So I guess it's up to you.\'92\
	\'91I think it's a great idea.\'92\
	\'91Then so do I.\'92\
	\'91And it wasn't staring. It was admiring.\'92\
	\'91I'll be sure to mention that to Colin.\'92}