{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 			 ~Book~\
			  *One*
\fs24 \

\fs22 			 Prolouge...\

\fs26 \
1	Bradton Ranch is the sort of place that, if you painted it and put it on your wall, it would look like fine art; but was also somewhere you probably would never want to visit.  This is probably because paintings do not show the 97\'a1F heat, or the flies buzzing around your face.  And they definitely don't convey the smell.  The ranch smelled of chicken, sheep, and cows, amplified by the heat.  Nevertheless, it was here John found himself on a bright Tuesday morning.\
2	The ranch was having one of its better days.  The barn was in good shape, the livestock were in good health, and the temperature was mild.  It was one of the few days that John did not mind working at the ranch.  Even Paul Bradford, the mayor and owner of Bradford and its ranch, was there; and he rarely came to supervise work at the ranch.\
3	The mayor founded the village of Bradford may years ago, and bought most of the land in and around the ranch.  If you wanted to in Bradford, you had to either work at the ranch or pay rent for your land.  Rent was cheap, and most people just payed the mayor the money.  Most, but not all.\
4	'John, the grain bin's empty.  Could you refill it for me?  Good,' the mayor said as he strode past John.\
5	John sighed, but got to work.\
\
<In margin:"John is 14">\
6	When John finished work, Will was waiting for him.  'Looks like rain.  Do you want to come over to my house so you don't get wet?'  Will was a small eight-year-old boy, and although he was several years younger than John, he was one of John's best friends.\
7	John felt no fear of getting wet, but accepted the offer.\
\
8	It had not started raining when the two reached Will's house, so John and Will agreed to go down to the creek.\
8.9	John sat down on a stump and began skipping stones.  'So, what do you want to do?'\
9	'I dunno... what do you want to do?'\
<Note: "Deleted Scenes" on original...>\
10	'I don't know.'  John looked up and saw Elli on the other side of the creek, writing in her notepad.  'Hey, Elli!' John yelled.  'Do you want to come over here?'\
11	'Oh, I don't know...' Elli responded.\
12	'Come on, the water's not deep!'\
13	'All right, I'm coming!'  Elli was only a year younger than John, and was John's other best friend.\
	$/: Stop! (again) I trashed the techy look, yada, yada, but still...\
	$/: Code 533.  Not now, but sometime.\
	$/: Knock yourself out.\
14	John was right, the stream was not deep, and Elli crossed it easily.  When she got to the other side, she said, 'Okay, now what?'\
15	'We were kind of hoping you had some ideas,' John said.\
16	'How about we all write a story?'\
17	'How about we all fish,' said Will.\
18	'You can fish.  I'm writing.'\
19	'You do that. Come on, Will, let's fish.'  John stood up and went to get their poles.\
	$/: These things are unbelievably short.  Draft two will need some major 339.  Resume.  This is funny.\
\
20	'Fishing is so \ul boring\ulnone ,' Elli said.  She was sitting in a tree, writing and expressing her views on fishing.  'I don't see how you guys can stand it.'\
21	'It's relaxing, time-consuming, and gives you time to just sit and talk.'  John was sitting beneath the tree Elli was in.  'Writing, on the other hand...'\
22	'Is a perfectly enjoyable way to spend your evening.  Listen to this:\
cont.	'"Master Earl was a clumsy man, but was also quite kind.  Nicholas found that with each day he liked Earl more and more.  Earl had an enormous library, and often let Nicholas use it.\
cont.	'"It was in this library that Nicholas found..."'\
23	'He was trapped in a book with more cheese in it than Italy.'\
24	'What is that supposed to mean?'\
25	'Your "book" is dumb.  Get used to it.'\
	$/: This whole section is a 249.  With a little 264.  Very 251.\
26	'I'd like to see you do better.'\
27	'We don't always get what we want.'\
28	'Just try.'\
29	'No.'\
30	'Why not?'\
31	'I'd hate to make you jealous.'\
32	'Whatever.'\
	
\f1 \uc0\u936 
\f0 /: 047.  I'd like to bring Will in, but how?  I don't want to 805.\
33	John and Elli sat in silence for a while, absorbed in their activities.\
 	
\f1 \uc0\u936 
\f0 /: 009.  Too much life, not enough ink.  AAARGH!\
	
\f1 \uc0\u936 
\f0 \cf0 /: I have to InkLife a whole \ul chapter.\ulnone   Though this \ul is\ulnone  a prologue...  I think I'll just 919 the rest of this and get to the good part.\
\
34	Eventually, Elli and John had to say goodbye to Will and head to their houses.  John was halfway home when the storm started.  Within minutes, the windspeed had reached 130 kilometers per hour, and John could hardly see through the rain.  Eventually, he had to cross the stream, which had quadrupled in size.  He slowly pushed his way through the water, going slowly, but moving.  His boot slipped, he fell...\
35	He was moving swiftly now.  Frozen to the bone, he was swept quickly down the river...\
	The water was white and agitated.  He was entering the rapids.  The rocks were small, he shouldn't get hurt, he wouldn't get hurt...\
	He was hurt.  His head felt like it was splitting.  Maybe it was.  He struggled to maintain consciousness, but he couldn't...\
	Slowly, he lost everything: his pain...his sight...himself...\
\
					CHAPTER ONE\
\
1	He awoke lying on a soft white bed.  His eyes hurt, his head was sore, and his right hand was exploding in pain.\
2	'John!  You're awake!'  A woman stepped into the room.\
3	John... the name sounded familiar, and he could only assume it was his.\
4	John turned to face the girl.  She looked to be roughly 13, with light brown hair and light green eyes.\
5	'You worried me for a while there.  Are you all right?'\
6	'I'm sore, but fine.'\
7	'I'll go tell my dad that you're all right.'  The girl ran off, leaving John to face his thoughts.\
8	Who was he?  John struggled to remember.  He couldn't.\
9	Where was he?  He seemed to be in a large house, probably the girl's.\
10	Speaking of which, who was the girl?  She seemed nice, and spoke as if they had known each other for years.  Which they probably had.\
11	What happened?  John knew nothing.  But whatever happened, it wasn't good.\
12	After a while, the girl came back in, this time with a boy.  The boy was only eight.\
13	John sat up, despite his headache.  The boy ran over to him.\
14	'John!  What happened?'\
15	'I don't know.'\
16	'You looked pretty bad when Elli found you.'\
17	'I feel pretty bad right now.'  John tried to be friendly, as the boy was obviously once his friend.\
18	'Why are you squinting?'\
19	'My eyes hurt.'\
20	'Let me see.'  The girl stepped up to him and peered at his eyes.  'What did you do to your eyes?  Your irises... they're red!'\
21	'Red?'  John sighed.  This couldn't get any weirder.\
22	'Yes.  Red.  I've never seen anything like it.  Are you sure you're all right?'\
23	'No, I'm not sure.  I couldn't even remember my name until you told it to me.'\
24	'What \ul can\ulnone  you remember?'\
25	'Before today, nothing.'\
26	'Not even me?'  The girl was on the verge of tears.\
27	'Not even you.'\
28	'My... My name's Elli.'\
29	'Look, Elli, I'm sorry.  I really am.  I can only imagine what it's like to see a friend suddenly forget who you are, and everything you've done together.  The pain must be terrible.  But there's nothing I can do.\
30	'I know...  I know.'\
31	Silence came over the trio.  John laid down, and before he knew it, he was asleep.\
\cf0 	
\f1 \uc0\u936 
\f0 /: Well, I think I handled that well.  Maybe.  I guess.\
\
32	When John awoke, he was thinking much clearer.  The pain in his head had died away, but it was replaced by the pain of hunger.  He hadn't eaten for as long as he could remember.  Which wasn't long, but still...\
33	John stood up.  He was a little dizzy, but was otherwise fine.  Upon leaving his room, he bumped into Elli.\
34	'Oh,' she said quietly.  'Hi, John.'\
35	'Do you... have any food I could have?'\
36	'Yes, it's over here.'  Elli led John down the hall into the kitchen.\
37	'Thanks.'  John looked around, picked out a pear, some chicken, and a slice of bread; and began to eat.\
38	When he finished, he went in search of Elli.  It did not take long too find her.\
39	'Hey, Elli, where's my house?'\
40	'Head in that direction.  It's the thin, three-story house.'  Elli pointed towards the whereabouts of John's house.\
41	'Thank you.  For everything,' John said, then turned and left in search of his home.\
	
\f1 \uc0\u936 
\f0 /: I'm beginning to question this.  I hope I'm wrong. \

\f1 \uc0\u968 
\f0 /: I'm not.\

\f1 \uc0\u968 
\f0 /: Okay...  Why does John lose his memory?  807. The whole chapter.}