{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanMS;\f1\froman\fcharset77 TimesNewRomanItMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=3059, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww15520\viewh15860\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 The Legend of Zelda\
A Short Story\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Once upon a time, in a mythical land called Hyrule, there was a guy named Link.  He was awesome.  And evil.\
	Once upon a time, in a mythical land called Hyrule, there was a guy named Link.  he was  awesome.  And not evil.\
	Not-evil Link looked a lot like evil Link.  The only difference was not-evil Link had dark skin and red eyes.  So lets call him DarkLink.\
	One day, DarkLink was walking along the roads in his hometown, when a giant blast of powerful energy exploded in front of him.  It knocked him off his feet.  DarkLink wasn't happy.  So he set off in search of who- or whatever made the blast.  He headed northeast.  As he was reaching the edge of his map, a fluffy pink rabbit materialized in front of him.  Tired of all the weird things happening, DarkLink kicked it.  It flew for roughly ten seconds before it transformed into a Hylian, that actually looked a lot like DarkLink.  Made sense.  It was LightLink.\
	Well, LightLink obviously didn't like being kicked halfway across the continent, so he drew his Sol-powered Master Sword.  Being a creature of darkness, DarkLink was annoyed by the shiny sword, and pulled out his darker Luna-powered sword.\
	The two Links battled, neither ever any batter than the other, because they were the same person.  The battle streched on for days, until a wise old man came and saw DarkLink battling.  Felling the need to help, he took out his Grenade launcher and blasted LightLink.  But LightLink didn't die.  If he can survive Ganon's sword sticking through his chest, he can survive a grenade to the face.  But he lost a lot of hearts.  Realizing he was outnumbered, LightLink used his Magic Mirror to teleport him away.\
	DarkLink decided to get a mirror of his own and follow his attacker, but as he was heading home he was struck with another energy blast, knocking him out...\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural
\cf0 X	~	X\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	DarkLink woke on a battlefield.  It was bright.  Looking up, he saw the sun was 10 times as bright as it should be.  All the colors were more vivid, with this added light.  Looking around, he saw many things:\
	1.  A very bright sun\
	2.  A beautiful princess\
	3.  A big mad person\
	4.  And fighting the big mad person...\
	LightLink!  DarkLink could tell why the big mad person was so mad.\
	The big mad person charged at LightLink, but was blasted away by the evil-big-magic-blast-force-thing in LightLink's hand.  So that's where tose blasts were coming from!  That made DarkLink \ul really\ulnone  mad.  So he took out his sword and chopped off LightLink's head.\
	The beautiful princess cried out.  "No!  You must defeat Ganon!  Otherwise, he will take over the world!"\
	Oh.  Oh, well.  DarkLink chopped off Ganon's head, too.  Then he took the evil-big-magic-blast-force-thing and crushed it.\
	The beautiful princess ran up to DarkLink.  "Allow me to introduce myself," she said.  "I am Princess Zelda.  I have been trying to get rid of those two for years."\
	"Yeah, whatever," DarkLink said.  "Can you teleport me back to the Dark World?"\
	"Of course," Zelda said.\
	So DarkLink returned home.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc\pardirnatural

\f1\i\fs48 \cf0 The End}