{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1326\cocoasubrtf110
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AlegreyaSans-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red62\green62\blue62;}
{\info
{\*\category Write 2, min. Version 2.0.7}}\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1008\vieww18000\viewh17540\viewkind1\viewscale140
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc

\f0\fs28 \cf2 Super Smash Bros. Brawl\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360
\cf2 	Once there was a guy named Snake.\cf3  He was one of three clones. His full name was Solid Snake.\cf2  Snake was awesome. And top-secret. And deadly. \cf3 One time he decided to hide in his box when he was put on a plane, because they thought it was full of food.\cf2  The driver was Donkey Kong. Diddy was the co-pilot.\cf3  When Diddy got hungry, he went to get some food from the storage. He approached Snake's box, but saw it said "Oranges".\
	\cf2 \'93Yummy-dummy! Foooooood!\'94\
	As Diddy approached the box, smoke poured out. It was a smoke grenade.\cf3  Diddy panicked so he shot peanuts at it. One got in the box and hit Snake in the head.\
	\cf2 \'93Owwww!\'94 The box said. It exploded in an attack of gunshot and fists. Diddy flew throught he window and fell\'85\cf3  out the plane. Snake almost flew out, but he grabbed onto the door on the other side. As Diddy was falling, he remembered he had a jetpack.\cf2  He started to fly back up, but Snake threw Donkey Kong out the window. They collided, and crashed to the ground. Snake landed the plane\cf3  because it had low fuel. He was walking around the airport at night, when he was attacked by\'85\cf2  nothing. Yet. He heard rumbling, and as he watched, Metaknight landed his ship on his plane, crushing it. Snake was not happy.\cf3  Then Snake shot Metaknight's plane, with a rocket launcher. Now Metaknight was not happy.\cf2  So he sent the Subspace Emissary out to kill him.\cf3  But the HQ of the SSE misheard him, and only sent R.O.B. to help. \cf2 ROB danced in front of Snake. Snake shot off his head.\cf3  ROB picked up his head and threw it at Snake. It missed and hit Metaknight's ship again. The ship completely blew up.\
	\cf2 Now ROB was dead. And Metaknight. Sorry. But then Link met Snake. He seemed friendly, so they teamed up. They soon met Ganondorf and Dark Link. They didn't seem so friendly.\cf3  So they did a team battle, and Snake got the Final Smash. He shot grenades from his helicopter at Ganondorf and Dark Link.\cf2  Dark Link got his head blown off. Ganondorf dodged the grenades. He stabbed his sword through Link.\cf3  This made Link mad, so he punched Ganondorf in the face, 3% damage. Then Link died.\cf2  Ganondorf laughed and ran away.\cf3  Snake was kicked off the helicopter for not being able to kill Ganondorf, so he had to walk.\cf2  He came across Kirby & Sonic playing frisbee. The frisbee went to far and missed Kirby, and crashed into Snake's helicopter, blowing it up. \'93Oops\'85\'94 Sonic said. \cf3 The burning helicopter fell on Kirby, but he used \uc0\u8595 B. \cf2 But Snake thought he was dead. He attacked Sonic, but Sonic became\'85 Metal Sonic! Snake ran away to save his skin. After all, he wasn't stupid.\cf3  Sadly, Snake was stupid enough to not know Sonic had super speed! He caught up to Snake and\'85\cf2  Kicked him to Skyworld.\cf3  Snake didn't land on a solid cloud, so he fell through about 6 before Pit could stop laughing and save him.\cf2  A clawshot flew through the air and latched onto Snake's foot.\cf3  An arrow shot through the clouds and hit Pit. He fell to the ground. It was ghost Link!\cf2  Only not a ghost. He was respawned!\cf3  Once they were on the ground, they both teamed up together to find Ganondorf.\cf2  They found Zelda instead.\cf3  So they all teamed up, and decided to go beat the SSE.\cf2  They found him attacking Zero Suit Samus.\cf3  The amount of people fighting Ganondorf scared him, so he\'85 \cf2 Disappeared in a puff of smoke and reappeared with Help.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc
\cf2 \ul \ulc2 TEAM BATTLE!\ulnone \
Snake, Link, Pit, Zero Suit Samus, Zelda, Fox, Wolf\
vs.\
Ganondorf, Kirby, Sonic, Dark Link, Metaknight, Diddy Kong, Dark Zelda\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360
\cf2 \
\cf3 Since straight-forward attack wasn't Snake's style, he hid in his box and put down a mine.\cf2  Kirby ate it. Then he ate Snake. Meet: Solid Kirby! \cf3 Kirby then used his new B move to shoot an RPG at Pit. Pit dodged it, and it hit Metaknight and killed him.\cf2  But before he died, he teleported them all to Luigi's Mansion. Dark Luigi enters the game! And on his team? Dark Mario, Dark Yosi, Dark Ness, Dark Lucas, Wario!\cf3  The battle was getting so insane, Fox accidentally punched Wolf in the face. Before they could start fighting, dark Sonic interfered and they fought him.\cf2  Unfortunately, they were on an unstable platform, so Sonic punched it and they fell and died. Zelda shot Kirby with a Light Arrow, and he became Normal Kirby. He summoned help\'85\cf3  which was the dream team. DeDeDe came in on the Dragoon and hit dark Zelda. She died.\cf2  Wario walked over to Pit and Link and farted. They both died of suffocation\'85\cf3 , unfortunately for Wario, he never saw the mine Snake put down, and he exploded along with dark Yoshi.\cf2  The dream team still doesn't like Snake, so they teamed up on him. Mini Diddy Kong danced in front of him. Distracted, Snake stared. Behind him, the rest of the Dream Team all did their B attack at the same time. Snake died, but killed Mini Diddy in the process.\cf3  0 Suit Samus changed to Samus and Zelda changed to Sheik. Samus missile spammed Mad Diddy and Diddy died. Sheik killed dark Ness, Lucas, and Luigi from the awesomeness of her kicks.\cf2  Mario gets mad and got a Smash Ball, killing Samus & Sheik before he accidentally fell off the edge. And Died.\cf3  Squirtle hit dark Link with Water Gun. It's super effective and dark Link died.\cf2  Well, Dark Sonic does his Awesome SuperSmashFinalDeathAttack move, killing Good Metaknight, Good Dedede, Ice Climbers, Pikachu, Squirtle, and, you guessed it, Dark Sonic.\cf3  Now all who was left was Ganondorf and Kirby. And Snake. He was cloned again. \cf2 Well, Wario's fart stink protected him from the mine, so he was still alive. He (Kirby) ate Snake, but then Ganondorf did his Final SMASH and killed everyone. And the winner is\'85\'85\'85\'85\'85 Ganondorf!\cf3  Ganondorf was so happy he jumped off the edge and attempted to recover. He didn't.\
\
Final Result: Sudden Death Match, Everyone at 999%\
\
\cf2 So everyone died because the stage had no floor. Except for Ganondorf, because he used \uc0\u8593 B to grab on to people and use them as ladders. He got to the top of the wall and grabbed onto the edge. While everyone else died. Ah, well.\cf3  And then Snake woke up from his dream when the morning came.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl-360\qc
\cf3 End.}