{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fnil\fcharset111 ZapfDingbatsITC;
\f3\froman\fcharset77 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green97\blue255;\red255\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red255\green128\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red191\green0\blue255;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Chapter One\cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803

\f1\i \cf0 \ul \ulc0 	
\f0\i0 \cf3 \ulnone Samus looked up at the giant creature.  It stretched its giant wings and roared.  It was Ridley.  And he wasn't happy.\
	Samus had destroyed Ridley (she thought) two years ago in the last of her battles against the space pirates.  But apparently he had survived.\
	Samus powered up her Power Suit and shot Ridley.  The blast harmlessly bounced of his heavy armor.  So Samus activated her Zero Laser.\
	The Zero Laser drained her suit completely of power, creating a blast as tall as she was.  It knocked Ridley off his feet, sending him glying through the air.\
\cf0 	Samus' suit fell off, and she became Zero Suit Samus!  She pulled out her laser-pistol-whip gun and charged Ridley.\cf3   Ridley lifted a claw and Samus flew through the air.  There was a blast of light, and everything went black.\
						~  
\f2 S
\f0   ~\
	Link was riding his horse through the forest when \cf4 the mailman guy ran up to Link.  He had a letter for him.\cf3   It was a letter from Zelda.  Sighing, Link turned around and headed to Hyrule.  He was almost there when he saw a bright flash of light.  \cf4 A blonde girl in a blue suit tumbled through the air.  Zelda?  No.\cf3   Obviously not.  Zelda doesn't have a ponytail.  Or a suit.  But she was unconscious, so Link took her to the doctor in Castle Town.\cf4   The doctor was short, had a thick black mustache, and talked with a Italian accent.\cf3   He was the same doctor as was in Twilight Princess.  As in \ul Not\ulnone  Dr. Mario.  Anyways......\cf4   Oh well.... once Link dropped off blue suit lady he went to see Zelda.\
	\cf3 'Oh, hi Link,' Zelda said.\
	'Um, hi Zelda,' Link said.\
	'Would you mind taking this to the mayor of Ordon for me?'\
	'Not at all.'\
	'Thanks, Link!'\
	\cf4 Link left the castle, staring at the box.  He was wondering what was inside it.  \cf3 Ah, well.  He headed back to the girl in blue.  \cf4 The doctor was unconscious in a corner, and the window was open.  \cf3 Link noticed the girl was missing, and decided to look for her.\cf4   Link left to the forest to look for her.  Suddenly a orange laser shot through the trees to Link.  \cf3 Link, not knowing what a laser was, ran towards it.  He emerged in a clearing, standing across from Samus.  'Don't move,' Samus said.\
	\cf4 'Why not?  Is there a trap?'\
	\cf3 'No, if you move, I'll kill you.'\
	\cf4 Link took this as a challenge, and moved.  Samus shot at him with the laser-pistol-whip gun.  Link dodged the shots.\cf3   Though he didn't know why, he got the feeling that they were hazardous to his health.  Samus activated her whip and tripped Link.  Link fell flat on his back.  Samus pointed her pistol at him.  'I  said \ul DON'T MOVE\ulnone !'\
	\cf4 Link tried to think of something to do, when suddenly \cf3 he realized that if he did something, he would die.  So he did nothing.  \cf4 A goblin walked by and startled Samus.  She began to shoot at it.  Link realized this was his chance to do something.  He chucked a bomb at Samus.\
	\cf3 Samus punched the bomb into the goblin.  Then she kicked Link.\
	'I'm going to ask you a few questions,' Samus said.  'And then you're going to answer them.  Okay?'\
	\cf4 Link hid his sword behind his back.\
	'Okay.'\
	\cf3 Samus grabbed his sword and threw it away.  'First of all, where are we?'\
	\cf4 'Well we're surrounded by trees, so I would guess a forest.'\
	\cf3 'No.... I couldn't tell,' Samus said sarcastically.  'What is the \ul name\ulnone  of the forest?'\
	'Um....  Faron Forest.'\
	'What planet?'\
	'Planet?'\
	'You know what a planet is, right?'\
	'No......'\
	Samus sighed.  'Okay... what sort of technology do you have here?'\
	'What do you mean by technology?'\
	'Transportation, weapons, things like that.'\
	'We use horses for transportation.  Swords and bows for weapons.'\
	'No guns?'\
	'Cannons...'\
	Samus threw her gun at the ground in anger.  It snapped in two upon impact.  Link took this as an opportunity to get back up.  Quickly, he grabbed his sword and aimed it at her.\
	'Look,' Samus said.  'If I was going to kill you, you'd already be dead.  So you can put that away.'\
	Link slowly put away his sword.\
	'I've probably been a bit rude,' Samus said.  'But I'm new here.  Would you mind... helping me find a place to stay?'\
	Link \ul did\ulnone  mind, but he was going to Ordon anyway, and it was only just down the road...\
	'Okay.  But no weapons.'\
	Samus picked up her broken gun.  'See this?  This is my weapon.  Broken.'  She threw it on the ground again.  'Broken.'\
	Link led Samus to Ordon Village, looking for a place for Samus to stay.  He found none.  Knowing he would regret it, he led Samus to his own house.  'This is my house,' he said.  'I have a spare bed in the basement.'\
	'Thank you,' Samus said.  It was night, so Link went up the ladder to his bed in the attic, and Samus went downstairs into the basement.  There she found a bed pushed in one corner.  It did not take long for her to fall asleep.\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural
\cf5 						~  
\f2 S
\f0   ~\
\
\cf4 Link woke up and paced around his room.  How long would Samus have to live here?  It's been 4 days since her arrival.\cf6   She seemed nice enough, but still...\
	He could hear Samus walking up the stairs below him.  \cf4 However, the stairs were getting old, and they collapsed.  \cf6 Link heard the crash and ran downstairs.  There he saw Samus standing at the top of the crumbled stairs.  'Are you all right?' he said.\
	'Yes, I'm fine.'\
	'I've got to go chase some monsters today.'\
	\cf4 'Well, it's getting kind of boring around here... do you think I can come?'\
	'Okay, but we need to get you a weapon.'\
	\cf6 'Not when I don't know how to use it.  Give me a knife, but nothing more.'\
	\cf4 ''K.'\
	\cf6 'So they went into the forest.  \cf4 They spotted a small goblin.\
	'Well you will need your practice on this one,' Link said.\
	Samus slashed it to pieces, and Link was amazed.  But this made the big goblins mad, so they got on their hogs and chased Samus and Link.  \cf6 There was a flash of light in front of them.  \cf4 The light got closer, until they could make out the figure.  It was...\cf6  Tabuu!  He grabbed Samus and they disappeared.  Link attacked the goblins, and sadly walked home.  On his way home there was another flash, and Ghor appeared, unconscious.\
	\cf4 Link sighed, getting back to the routine of dragging the unconscious body to \strike Dr. Mario\strike0\striked0  the doctor in Hyrule Castle.  \cf6 The heavy metal was, well, heavy.  \cf4 And it had an odd-shaped head.\cf6   But he took it to the doctor, who immediately threw it out, so he took it home.  \cf4 Link grew bored of it, and threw it into the metal garbage can.  \cf6 What?  No!  He sat it on his couch and waited for it to wake up.  \cf4 Aww... (Link has a couch?)  So he went to get some snacks.  \cf6 When he got back, Ghor was awake.  Ghor jumped up and tackled him.  \cf4 Link punched it.  The metal broke his right index finger.  Luckily he's a lefty.  \cf6 Actually, he's ambidextrous.  So Ghor asked Link the same questions Samus did, which made him think they might know each other.  \cf4 Link thought of a question.\
	'Do you know someone named Samus?'\
	\cf6 'Why, have you seen her?'\
	\cf4 'Yup.'\
	\cf6 'I know her, yes.'\
	\cf4 They sat in silence.  Link spotted a fly.\
	\cf6 'So where is she?' Ghor asked.\
	\cf4 'She was taken away by a butterfly man.'\
	\cf6 'Um... okay... where were you during this?'\
	\cf4 The fly landed on Link's nose, so he tried to swat it.  It flew away, and Link hit his face.  The fly flew out the window and away.\
	\cf6 Link closed the window.\
	'So where were you?' Ghor asked.\
	\cf4 'I was in a forest with Samus when it happened.'\
	\cf6 'Doing what?'\
	\cf4 'Killin' teh goblinz.'\
	\cf6 'And you just let her get kidnapped?'\
	\cf4 'I never saw it coming.'\
	\cf6 'Uh-huh.'\
	\cf4 Someone knocked on the door.  Link opened it and was met by something saying 'Hiiii!'  Link looked down and saw...  \cf6 a goblin which he stabbed through the head.  Then Link closed the door and locked it.\
	\cf4 'So how do we find this 'Butterfly Man'?\cf6 '\
	'No clue.  He sort of dissapeared.'\
	'Then how are we supposed to find her?  You \ul do\ulnone  plan on looking for her, don't you?'\
	'Of course.'\
	'Any ideas?'\
	'No.  But I know someone who might...'\
						~  
\f2 S
\f0   ~\
	Zelda sat across from Link and Ghor.  She did not know where Samus was.  But she knew the only way to get to the only one who could.\
	'So,' she said.  'What d;o you need?'\
	'We need to find Midna,' Link spoke.\
	'The Twilight Mirror is destroyed...'\
	'I know.  Isn't there any other way?' Link said.\
	'There's one small chance...'\
	'What?'\
	'She... may not have destroyed the Dark Twilight Mirror.'\
	'Where is it?'\
	'In the Realm of Darkness.'\
	'And how do I get there?'\
	'Use the True Mirror.  But only if you really want to...'\
	\cf4 'I'll go.  Are you coming?'  Link asked Zelda/\
	\cf6 'Me?  Why would I?  I don't want to risk my life saving someone I don't know!  You two go.'\
	\cf4 'Selfish...' Link thought to himself.\
	\cf6 So Zelda showed Link and Ghor to the True Mirror, and they went through and found themselves in Dark Hyrule.\
	\cf4 Link was now in an odd position.  He was sitting on Dark Link's lap.  Link punched Link.\
	\cf6 'Let me help you with that.' Ghor said to Link.  Ghor punched off Link's head.  Dark Link's head, that is.\
	So they went in search of the Dark Twilight Mirror in the Desert Ruins.  But they met Dark Samus first.  \cf4 Ghor tried to give Dark Samus a handshake, being colorblind.\cf6   Um.... NOT!  So, anyway, Ghor and Link attack Dark Samus with all their might, Greatly wounding Dark Samus.  But before they can kill Dark Samus, Dark Samus vaporized.  Behind where Dark Samus was, they found the Dark Twilight Mirror.  \cf4 They jumped in it.\cf6   They found themselves behind the Twilight Castle.  \cf4 It was big.\cf6   So, anyway, they meet Midna.  \cf4 She was laughing.  \cf6 'Why are you laughing?' Link said.  \cf4 'A funny day.  Look out!'  She disappears.  They turned around.  It was...  \cf6 The real Midna!  And she can speak in more than 3 words a sentence!  \cf4 Wonderful...  She began to talk.\cf6   'So... Why are you here, Link?  The whole reason I destroyed the Twilight Mirror was so you wouldn't show up on my doorstep.  \cf4 It gets kinda annoying... you being mostly silent all the time.'\
	\cf6 'Well, you see, my "friend" Samus just kind of appeared out of nowhere, as did Mr. Ghor here.'\
	'Sooooo......'\
	'A butterfly-like man took Samus and disappeared.'\
	\cf4 'What should I do?  I helped you defeat that one guy... Gorentoff.'\
	\cf6 'You mean Ganandorf?  Actually, \ul I\ulnone  helped \ul you\ulnone .  So you owe me.  We wanted to know if you had any ideas about the location of my...... ah.... 
\f1\i friend
\f0\i0 ."\
	\cf4 ''K.'\
	\cf6 'So do you?'\
\cf7 	'Maybe.'\cf2 \
	\cf4 'What will it take for you to tell me?'\
	\cf7 'Um.... let me think.... just tell me why you want to find her...'\
	\cf4 'I was thinking she would want to return to her original... what do ya call it... planet.'\
	'Okay, then.  I think the butterfly man you're talking about is named Tabuu.  He can be found in a realm called "Subspace", as far as I know.'\
	'Well how do you get to Subspace?'\
	\cf7 'Well, Subspace is found in between the realms.  When you use a Twilight Mirror, you pass through Subspace.'\
	'But I'm guessing there isn't a Subspace Mirror.'\
	'No.  But if one was able to convince Zelda \ul and\ulnone  Dark Zelda to help me, we should be able to make one.'\
	'We'll do our best,' Link said.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\qc
\cf7 \ul \ulc7 Chapter Two\ulnone \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2833\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802
\cf7 	Dark Zelda walked up the steps to her room.  \cf4 She was looking for \cf7 her room.  Which she found quite easily, seeing as she knew where it was.  \cf4 When she looked on her desk, there was a letter.  \cf7 The letter Z.  For Zelda.\
\
						\cf4 ~		
\f2 S
\f0 		~\
\
	Link and Gohr walked to Dark Link's house.  \cf7 They thought he might help them.  But since Ghor punched off his head, he wasn't happy.  So they looked for Dark Ganandorf.  \cf4 Ever since Link beat him though he's been hiding.  So they went to the one who they knew they could find: Dark Zelda.\
	\cf7 Dark Zelda was surprised at their arrival.  She never expected to see Light Link, and what \ul was\ulnone  that thing next to him?\
	'We need your help,' Link said, slightly out of breath.\
	Dark Zelda laughed.  'Why would I help you?'\
	'Ever heard of Phazon?' Ghor asked.\
	'What \ul are\ulnone  you?'\
	'Answer the question!'\
	'Or what?'\
	'Fine,' Link said.  'We'll just leave you here, then, to watch all of Dark Hyrule be corrupted.'\
	'Hey, who said anything about corruption?'  Dark Zelda said.\
	'Phazon,' Ghor said.  'It is coming, and it will corrupt anyone it comes in contact with.'\
	\cf8 'Um... okay... so what do I have to do?'\
	'We need you to help make a Subspace Mirror?'\
	'And 
\f1\i why
\f0\i0  should I do this?'\
	'What do you want?'\
	'Bring me Light Ganandorf.'\
	\cf4 'Do you have any idea where he might be?'\
	\cf8 'No.'\
	\cf4 Link and Ghor left the castle, clueless on where to find Ganandorf.  Link suggested building a moving replica.\
	\cf8 Of who?  \cf4 Ganandorf...  \cf8 Why?  \cf4 So they won't have to waste time finding him.  \cf8 ?!?  \cf4 Well they don't know where he is.  \cf8 So they try to find him.  \cf4 Fine... Link and Ghor checked the forest first.  \cf8 They couldn't find him.  \cf4 So they checked the \cf8 prison ruins.\cf4   Ganandorf was sleeping in a curled up position.  \cf8 Link and Ghor swiftly knocked him out and brought him to Dark Hyrule.  \cf4 Dark Zelda was surprised at the fact it only took a half hour.  \cf8 'Okay,' Zelda (dark) said.  'I'll help.'  So Link got Midna, and the two Zeldas and they went to the ancient ruins in (light) Hyrule.\
	\cf9 'Okay... So now what?'\
	'That is what I was just about to ask,' Dark Zelda said.\
	\cf4 'Weird,' \cf9 Link said.\
	\cf4 Ghor chose to speak up.  \cf9 'Can we hurry up?  
\f1\i Please?
\f0\i0 '\
	\cf4 Dark Zelda pulled the Subspace mirror out of her pocket.\
	'It was there the whole time?' Link asked.\
	'Yup.'\
	
\f3 'So give it to me!'\
	
\f0 ''K.'  Dark Zelda tossed the mirror in their general direction.\
	
\f3 Link caught it and put it in the holder for the destroyed Twilight Mirror.  Dark steps materialized in front of them.  
\f0 Link stepped on the step.  It was spongy.  
\f3 He and Ghor walked up the steps and into Subspace.  
\f0 They met a scythe-armed creature at the top.  It attempted to swing its arms down on Ghor.  
\f3 Link shot its head and it died.  They walked down a path and 
\f0 saw a Zero Suit Samus trophy.  
\f3 Ghor picked it up and put it in his pocket.  Then they walked to Subspace Castle.  
\f0 There wasn't a lot to the castle, just a gigantic open hallway with a throne at the end.  About a third of the way there two hands appeared.  One looked calm while the other appeared to be having a seizure.  The hands attacked.  
\f3 Ghor shot them with thermal-turbo-mininuclear-seeking-guided-laserpoint-missiles, killing them instantly.  Then he and Link walked up to the throne.  
\f0 Two-thirds of the way they ran into 
\f3 a staircase.  Link tripped over the first step and fell on his face.  Ghor sighed.  This was \ul not\ulnone  going to give Tabuu a good first impression.  They reached the top and saw Tabuu sitting on the throne.  Sitting next to him, in a chair that looked like it belonged in a classroom, sat Samus.  She looked up and saw Ghor calmly walking towards them...\
	And Link, who was stumbling and tripping over his own feet.  
\f0 Link passed out from his concussion. \
	'Did I miss something?' Samus asked.\
	'Only the funniest fall in years,' Ghor replied.\
	\cf10 Link stood up, dazed.\
	'Um...  Hi....  I'm... smart... duh...... you... ded... yay...' Link mumbled in confusion.  He stumbled and swayed side to side before righting himself.\
	\cf11 Tabuu glided towards them, chuckling as he came.\
	\cf10 7 paragraphs up, 2 sentences from the end (exclusive)...\
\cf12 Much better.\
	Tabuu spoke.  'What are you doing in my land?'\
	'We're here to rescue Samus!' Link said.\
	'Really?'  A cage lowered over Samus.  'Then you'll have to get through me!'  Tabuu transformed into Subspace Samus (Zero Suit).  Subspace samus pulled out her knife.  \cf11 Her knife actually turned out to be the dark version of the pistol-laser-whip gun.  Link aimed an arrow at it.}