{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset136 LiSongPro;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red209\green209\blue209;\red180\green180\blue180;}
{\info
{\keywords cursorLocation=5104, fitsPagesWidth=1}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww15820\viewh16160\viewkind1\viewscale121
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs72 \cf0 \striked1 \strikec0 ~ 1 ~\strike0\striked0 \

\fs26 Nicholas - \strike \strikec0 June 17, 1249 AD\
Spoke Lake, Fengolia\strike0\striked0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs18 \cf0 January 18, 1249
\fs26 \
	"If you'll remember, it all began roughly one hundred years ago, when the great alchemist Santillar recited his incantation.  You do know how most alchemists were, and are, for that matter, searching for ways to transform common metals into gold, yes?"\
	"Yes, sir."\

\fs18 Age:12
\fs26 	"You also know about the search for Thaliksir, the Elixir of Life?"\
	"Yes, sir."\
	"Good.  You have studied well.  Well now, there was a select number of alchemists who believed that there was another world out there that could help them achieve this goal."\
	"Was Santillar one, sir?  One of them, I mean?"\
	"He was indeed.  Now, it was during the Great War of 627 that it happened.  Santillar had done everything: drawn runes, circles, lit candles, set up incense, and so on.  He recited an incantation asking for help from this other world he believed in, and then he, along with King Senton and his entire army, and a few peasants as well, vanished.  One moment they were there, then they were gone the next."\
	"What was the incantation, sir?"\
	"I believe it was:  Awakenian, dimensuo aof lieve!  Ihk kallen uppon eou zoo halen mei oen eal leyal zoo Cynge Senton!  Macan nus strangre; laten pouser surger thrurgh nus!  Compleate thise taskares, fure thei arth myn willan!"\
	Nicholas was sitting with his master in one of the many rooms of the house, listening with great interest to the stories about the old alchemists.  One day, he too would be an alchemist, and some of those stories would be his.  until then, he could do nothing but watch and learn.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf2 \strike \strikec2 *	~	*	~	*\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf2 	Nicholas came to live at his master's home when he \'96\'96\'96\'96 20 \'96\'96\'96\'96, but his true studies did not begin until he was ten.  It was then he began learning about alchemy in its full extent.  He was amazed at the simplicity of the whole process; there was a lot of mathematics, and a fair bit of astrology, but other than that it was fairly simple.  He wrote in his journal one day as follows:	He started a journal, as all alchemists must do, and wrote in it one day as follows:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qr
\cf2 1-2-49\cf3 \strikec3 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \strike0\striked0 ~ 1 ~\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Excerpt from the journal of Nicholas Piwhall dated January twentieth 1249:\

\fs18 Age:12
\fs26 	
\f1 I have mentioned previously the art which I am studying. but I have not yet described it in depth.  Everything is made from the Four Elements:  Earth, Water, Air, and Fire.  The goal in alchemy is to adjust the amount of each element in a common metal to produce gold.  We are also hunting for Thaliksir, the fabled elixir of life.  A hunt for the Philosopher's Stone, and object said to aid us in our quest, continues.  My master, William Ralc, leaves next week to aid in the search and will not be back for another month, leaving me in the care of Sir Radi, one of his closest friends.  I hope he will be one of mine as well.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\f0 \cf0 *	~	*\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\fs18 \cf0 January twenty-seventh 1240\

\fs26 	Nicholas watched as his master rode wawy from the house and felt a sudden pang of loneliness.  This was the first time in four years that he had been away from his master, and he had come to like the man.  \strike \strikec0 He would not be alone, but Sir Radi, the man with who he would be staying for the next month, was  fool.  It was going to be a long month.\strike0\striked0   Duty, Nicholas thought, may be more important than friendship, but friendship is much more painful when you lose it.\
	Nicholas looked bitterly at the path. waiting impatiently for Sir Radi to come pick him up.  He didn't have to wait long.  He was sitting on a rock, examining a strange insect crawling on a leaf nearby.  He glanced up, and was nearly hit by a carriage that had been careening down the path in front of him.  Luckily, the carriage missed him and instead screeched to a halt in front of him.  A long haired, kind faced man stepped out to greet him.\
	"Do I have the pleasure of addressing Master Nicholas Piwhall?" he asked.\
	"You do," Nicholas responded.\
	The man instantly cheered up and became less formal.  "Ah, good then.  I'm Sir Radi, come to take you to my household.  Come along, chap, can't stand waiting all day!"\
	Nicholas reluctantly climbed into the carriage and tried to make himself comfortable.  Sir Radi lived in a mansion outside of town, and it would take a good two hours.  The carriage started moving, and Nicholas started to get nervous, not only because he was worried about his life at Sir Radi's mansion, but also because Sir Radi's driving wasn't much better than it had been when Nicholas first saw his carriage, and he feared a crash.  To keep his mind off such things, he rather studied chess strategies and found a four-move win that you could use on your enemy if he wasn't paying attention.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 *	~	*\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 	Sir Radi's mansion was the kind of house you could look at and think is massive, but is really not that big.  Sure it had five floors (basement/cellar, ground floor, second story, third story, attic), and it was much bigger than the home of the peasants and vassals, but it was relatively small for a mansion and absolutely tiny compared to some manor houses.  And although his house was twice the size of Sir Radi's, Nicholas found no trouble getting comfortable.}