{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1008\vieww18000\viewh16080\viewkind1\viewscale136
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 The Legend of Ilia & Link
\fs26 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Due to Ilia's main role and semiobvious affection for Link, The Legend of Zelda, Twilight Princess is sometimes referred to as The Legend of Ilia. Indeed, Ilia has a far greater role than Zelda.\
	Here's a quick reference to Ilia's importance.\
- Ilia is the daughter of Ordon Village's Mayor.\
- A brief discussion between Link, Ilia, Ilia's father:\
	\'95 Ilia: Link! You're safe! (Looks at Epona)\
	\'95 Link & Mayor are talking when Ilia shouts: "Look at this! (pointing at Epona's leg) You've hurt her, haven't you?"\
	\'95 Mayor takes side with Link, tells Ilia not to get so angry, or something like that.\
	\'95 Ilia screams something about having every right to be angry and Link needing to take better care of his horse, etc. and storms off with Epona.\
- After Link and Colin explain things to Ilia, she "softens up" and tells Link to come home safely, etc.\
- And then she gets kidnapped.\
- When Link finds her she doesn't know who he is, but knows he's brave, helpful, kind, etc.\
- Link finds some artifact or other which brings back her memory, flashback to spring with Ilia and Link staring at each other (Why? I don't know!) with sweet music (sweet as in beautiful, pretty, high in sugar, etc.) playing\'85\
- Flashback ends, Link and Ilia stand, much as they did in the spring, and Ilia gives Link a horse whistle.\
- And that's about it. Here's what Zelda did.\
- Zelda gave Link info.\
- Possessed Zelda tried to kill Link.\
- Zelda shot Ganondorf with an arrow.\
	Get my point? Yes? Good!
\fs48 \ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Epona\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf0 \ulnone By: [[\uc0\u8239 author name\u8239 ]] (& [[\u8239 author\'92s friend\u8239 ]] if he's not crazy leprechaun)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul Author's Note\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
Originally, Ilia was going to be Hylian. Like Link. Pointy ears, etc. So for my stories, she is. Ha.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Chapter One\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	It was Link's second month of work, his second month in the village he now called home.  The ranch was still just as dusty, the animals just as smelly, the sun just as hot.\
	Yes, Link worked at a ranch.\
	It was difficult, but not overly so.  Feed the animals, check on the animals, collect chicken eggs, and other such tasks consumed his days until lunch.  Then it was time for a bath.\
	Today wasn't that bad.  The animals were all in fairly good condition, so he hadn't had to worry about a sick ox or something.  Link glanced around, wondering where to start.  The chickens, he decided, would be first.  Then the oxen.  Then the...  Was that someone at the gate?\
	It was.  Link recognized it as Ilia, the mayor's daughter.  She had seemed nice enough earlier, so Link decided to talk to her.\
	'What are you doing here?' Link asked, not at all unfriendly.\
	'It's my father's ranch,' Ilia said.  'Why wouldn't I be here?'\
	'Well, it's smelly, the view's horrible...'\
	'I don't think so,' Ilia said softly.\
	'Okay, stay there.  I won't stop you.'  Link resumed his work.  As he fed the chickens he glanced back at the fence.  Ilia was still there.  Odd.\
	A few hours later, Link finished his work and walked up to the gate\'97and Ilia.\
	'Would you mind moving?' he asked.  'Unlike you, I don't wish to be here any longer than I have to.'\
	'Oh, yes.  I was just about to leave anyway.'  Ilia opened the gate and let Link out.\
	'So...  Why were you at the ranch?' Link asked as they headed towards the village.\
	'I hadn't been there in over a month.'\
	'I can see why.'\
	'I was bored, so I went to check on the chickens.'\
	'For two hours.'\
	'Yeah.'\
	'I guess you really 
\f1\i didn't
\f0\i0  have anything to do.'\
	'No.  So......  How are they?'\
	'What?'\
	'The chickens.  How are they?'\
	'Oh, they're fine.'\
	''K.'}