{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset77 HelveticaNeue-Light;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh9000\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 		
\fs36 Tyneland\

\fs26 \

\f1 	'Come on!' John said.  'It's just a bit further.'\
	'You've been saying that for the past five miles!'  Elli said.\
	'No, really!  It's just over this hill!'  John reached the top and stopped.  Below him was a giant lake, smooth except for the occasional fish or rock thrown in from a hiker.\
	'It's beautiful,' Elli said, coming up behind him.\
	'Yeah, whatever.  Come on!'  John ran down the hill to a small cabin.  John, who made the hike daily, had noticed the cabin appear seemingly out of nowhere, it had not been there two days ago, but yesterday, there it was.\
	John, who reached the cabin first, began to study it in detail.  It was not made of wood, it was stone.  Not the sort of thing you built overnight.  The roof was metal, and although it was as thin as a sheet, it seemed tough to withstand the toughest storm.\
	When Elli arrived, she looked in through the windows.  Inside were rows and rows of boxes, all of which said the same thing.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc
\cf0 DANGER- CONTENTS HIGHLY FLAMMABLE\
KEEP AWAY FROM FLAME\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 	'Hey, John, look at this,' Elli said.  John walked over and looked through the window.  'What do you think is in those boxes?'\
	'Probably wood.  Or cloth,'  John said, turning away from the window.  He saw movement in the corner of his eye.  He looked away from the cabin to see...\
	A man with a torch running their way.\
	'We'd better go,'  John said.\
	'Why?' Elli asked, still looking through the window.\
	'Turn around.'\
	Elli turned around.  'He doesn't look happy.'\
	'No.'\
	'Let's go.'\
	John and Elli climbed the hill.  The man did not follow them.  He continued running, heading straight for the cabin.\
	It was then Elli remembered the labels.\
	'John, remember the labels?'\
	'They said "keep away from flame."  Why?'\
	'The torch...'\
	John turned and began running back down the hill.  'Wait!  Don't go in there!'\
	But it was too late.  The man threw the torch through the window and...\
	Blackness.}