{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww14000\viewh16300\viewkind1\viewscale128
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Edgar Mantle\

\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 NYPD Station #5, NYC\
	Officer Jeff Strong was just settling down for a nice cup of coffee when the alarm bells rang.  He jumped out of his seat and dashed for the door, spraying his shirt with coffee in the process.  When he opened the door, he was met by the police chief, Parkins.\
	"What's wrong?" Officer Strong asked.\
	"Robbery.  Silver Lining Bank," said Parkins.  He was obviously out of breath.\
	"Silver Lining?  That's one of the world's most secure banks!"\
	"I know.  A lot of things here don't make sense.  We're not even sure it is a robbery."  Parkins started walking briskly down the hall.  "The lady who called was talking way too fast for us to understand her, but we could trace the call."\
	Strong hurried to catch up with Parkins.  "Did you record the call?" he asked.\
	"Of course."\
	"Run it half speed."\
	"We really don't have time..."\
	"I know.  Put someone on the job, though.  We need to know what we're dealing with \strike \strikec0 here\strike0\striked0 .  Have Brownsley do it; he's good with that sort of thing."\
	Parkins pulled out a walkie-talkie and spoke into it:  "Brownsley, you there?"\
	"Yessir," said the voicce at the other end.\
	"Run the new Silver Lining tape slow.  We need to know what we're dealing with, here."\
	Strong and Parkins quickly hopped into the squad car, and drove off into the night.\
\

\b Silver Lining Bank, NYC
\b0 \
	By the time Strong and Parkins arrived, it was all over.  The bank, luckily, was still standing, but it was missing one wall and a small section of its roof.  Upon inspection, bank workers would find that the vault also was missing 5,000,000 dollars.  Brownsley could not decipher the tape as the voice was too muddled, but he did clearly hear two words: 
\i Legoan Ganstien
\i0 .\
	"Legoan Ganstien?  What in the world is that supposed to mean?"  Parkins asked when he heard the news.\
	"I dunno.  A name, maybe?" Brownsley said meekly.\
	"Strong, you got anything yet?" Parkins shouted.\
	Strong, who had been speaking with witnesses, quickly responded.  "It seems we've got a teen here, about eighteen.  Judging by the looks of the bank, he's got TNT."\
	"He's a boy, then?"\
	"Yes.  And if the bankers are telling the truth, a fast boy."\
	"How fast?" Parkins asked.  He was very annoyed at the lack of information he was gettingh.\
	"Around seventy miles an hour.  On foot."\
	"You're joking."\
	"No."\
	"Just what we need.  A freak kid with explosives.  Great.  Just great."\
	Brownsley's voice came through on the walkie-talkie.  "Back to the station, boys.  I've got something."\
\

\b NYPD Station #5, NYC
\b0 \
	Brownsley was looking happily at the computer when Parkins and Strong burst in.\
	"What've you got?" Parkins asked.\
	"I looked up this Legoan Ganstien on the 'net.  Apparently we're not the only ones looking for him.  Many sites said to be on the lookout for him, if you seem him to call 751 ext. 117."\
	"What are you waiting for?  Call the number!" Strong said.\
	Brownsley produced a phone and dialed the numbers.  "Hello.  Yes.  NYPD.  What connection do you have with Legoan Ganstien?"\
	"Excuse me, we can't hear the conversation," Parkins said.\
	Brownsley flicked on the speakers halfway through a sentence.\
	"...one this time?"\
	"Robbed a bank, sir," Brownsley said.\
	"How fast?"\
	"Excuse me?"\
	"Sir, you are talking to the Secret Service.  How fast?  What was his top speed?"\
	"Around seventy."\
	"Witnesses?"\
	"Only the bankers actually saw the robbery."\
	"Good.  Speak of this to no one."\
	"I won't."\
	"I know."\
	In the morning, no one remembered any part of the whole affair.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \page 
\fs36 Chapter One
\b\fs24 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Lake City
\b0 \
	Edgar Mantle was in his office when the phone started to ring.  He picked it up.  "Hello?"\
	The voice on the other end responded.  "Hello."\
	"United States?"\
	"Yes.  NYPD.  What connection do you have with Legoan Ganstien?"\
	"Oh, great.  What's he done this time?"\
	"Robbed a bank, sir."\
	"How fast?"\
	"Excuse me?" said the voice on the other end.\
	This was good, maybe nothing unusual had happened.  He doubted this, though.  "Sir, you are talking to the Secret Service.  How fast?  What was his top speed?"\
	"Around seventy."\
	That high?  What were they doing, shooting at him?  "Witnesses?"\
	"Only the bankers actually saw the robbery."\
	Finally, some luck!  "Good.  Speak of this to no one."\
	"I won't."\
	"I know."  Edgar hung up the phone, then looked at it.  He was still amazed at how it manipulated the time field, allowing him to talk to those outside the field.  After a few quick calculations he stood up and walked out the door.\
\

\b NYC
\b0 \
	Edgar stepped out onto a busy street.  The roads were clogged, and the sidewalks were even worse.  Still, he didn't have a lot of time, so he stepped into a shadow and disappeared from sight.\
	"Mantle, what are you 
\i \ul doing
\i0 \ulnone ?  Can't you see how busy this street is?" said a voice on his walkie-talkie.\
	"I've got a deadline to meet.  I can't get there on time on foot, and I don't want people to see me fly."\
	"Still, if anyone saw..."\
	"They didn't.  I was hidden by shadow."\
	"Just promise me you won't do it again.  I don't want to do a mass wipe."\
	"Very well.  Now, if you don't mind, I'll be off."  Edgar concentrated, and began to fly.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 \page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\fs48 \cf0 Intermishun\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\qc

\fs26 \cf0 Prununcaton Gide\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 Jeff Strong - Geff Strong\
Parkins - Par-kens\
Brownsley - Browns-lee\
Legoan Ganstien - Lee-go-un Gan-steen\
Edgar Mantle - Ed-ger Man-tul}